Hi there.Need i to be register?
hi is there any  chanel linuxmint  with many users?
Всё равно монитор неизвестный...
crontab would run everynight at 2am if my understanding is correct? right? ------>    0 2 * * *
If memory serves me well, there was this bootable CD, that could fix any form of bootloader, including of windows and linux .... yet i forgot its name ...
What is the recommended backup program for ubuntu 10.04?
anyone help mee?
im trying to run a backup python script but it bails out because there is a file called .gvfs in my home directory which appears to have user = ? group = ?
what is ubuntu's "chkconfig" equivelent? || how do change which services start and stop at boot?
someone help me?
where do i post a script?
não tenho conhecimento algum de IRC alguém pode me ajudar ?
Hi. How can I have wicd start at boot? I removed networkmanager and installed wicd and wicd-daemon (using apt-get). But at the moment, I need to start wicd manually: sudo service wicd start.
这是我第一次用irc
anyone using FF 3.6.18 give me some help?
What do I do with an RPM File?
 does anyone know who's in charge of the Ubuntu website?
i need help in installing gnome 3 in ubuntu 11.04
help when i run "postgres createuser"  says, command not found, why??
book should i read to understand Linux ?
whats the best linux mp3 player? (my pc sucks so i need a light one)
всем привет
can i find out, why seamonkey mail is going to close, when i want compose or reply to incoming mail?
I am an Ubuntu noob and have recently been getting blank screen crashes where the only way to get the computer to respond is to litterally kill the power at the power supply.  Even the power button (on front) has no effect.  I have been googling for this but I seem to be led to this: https://wiki.ubuntu.com/X/Troubleshooting/BlankScreen  which is not what I am experiencing - its random interval not on startup.
am i safe using ubuntu and irc, the firewall seems a little slim
есть кто из Россиии
I'm in linux mint and since it's ubuntu based I thought here could help. Anyways, I'm trying to build a package and get "/home/pilojo/Downloads/bzip2/pkgbuild.ini: line 52: makeinfo: command not found
so, i have a cool screenshot of the new oneiric dash. Very beautiful BUT if the background is light its not possible to read anything there.... Why did no one noticed that?
all, have ubuntu one client for Mac OS X ?
So, I've been searching but can't find an answer. Is it possible to upgrade from 10.04 to 11.04 directly without upgrading to 10.10? And would upgrading affect anything on my computer, i.e. break something?
best toolkit for C++ QT  or GTKmm?
ubuntu, karmic is missing from http://packages.ubuntu.com/search?keywords=oem, but i dont' see it on http://old-releases.ubuntu.com/releases/ . is there a 3rd place to look?
i'm thinking about installing ChromeOS and messing with it.  Any input on ChromeOS?  Good, bad?
anyone know the name of the sort that is applied with ls -v
there a direct line to developers where I can make a comment that might get read by someone who can make a real change in the 11.04 installer?
fuck you
alguem do brasil?
who are french here ?
this where I ask general Ubuntu questions?
Can anyone tell me how I can install 10.04 on EC2 in the Free Tier? It only lets me choose the Amazon AMI Linux distributions on the web console. Thanks! :)
i enabled the find mouse option but when i press the ctrl key it is white and i have a white background so can i change the color of that
how do I switch to sudo? su??
Can anyone running bt help with "iwconfig wlan0 essid "<name_of_router>" key "<encryption_key>" ----> Error for wireless request "Set Encode" (8b2a)?
I want to upgrade to natty but i wont be able to connect to internet without the proprietary broadcom wireless driver - can I download it before hand?
anyone available to assist me please?
Quelqun parle francais ici ?
Hi, how do I run java applications in command line? $ java application.jar returns me errors while graphically it doesn't.
is pastebin - yet another thing that has changed since I have done this
Getting this error in Transmission, installed transmission via Ubuntu.  Default settings.  Can't figure out whats wrong. Error: No such file or directory (/var/lib/transmission-daemon/downloads/*
sorry to bother you folks, but I'm having a little issue, after a recent upgrade of the kernel amongst other things, I am unable to get past the boot splash screen, I'm 90% sure this is video card related as I've seen it mentioned before but I can't seem to pull up the grub2 menu with escape, so my question to you folks is how do I go about removing nvidia drivers on the installation, when I'm booted to the live CD
we please perl, python and c channel, as in programming or scripting lang?
stupind question how do i register my nickname ?
svp j'aimerais k vs m'aidez pour cracker un reseau avec ubuntu
bout fingering u
 Could someone please test for me what kernel ubuntu-10.04.3 has? only if you have the .3 version, please. uname -r
when u add a directory to ur PATH does it do recursion to find the program or is there a way to specify a folder and all folders contained within?
Has anyone got any experience with usbip ?
can i install a package but not one of the it's dependencies?
Are there any viruses in ubuntu ?
aguien me podria enseñar a hakear redes
m using Lubuntu 11.04 (lxde/openbox) with pulseaudio and pavucontrol, is there an easy way to lower the volume of just the Firefox application running? Firefox doesn't show up in the pavucontrol dialog.
helow, i have a problem with the wifi conection in puppy 525 , i am conected but i dont surf, thanks
somebody use BT5 ?
alguien que hable espa;ol
Is there a GEANT4 channel?
did they do away with netbook edition for 11.04?
hi, I'm having trouble setting my soundcard to "amplified" and getting no sound (I think that's the problem). What should I do?
how do i get a printer to work on ubuntu?
I've got a problem installing Ubuntu; but this time a different problem.  I installed an alternate version of Ubuntu onto my flash drive, with some different drivers, etc.  Picking "run Ubuntu from this USB" does nothing, and just restarts the launcher.
hey, im on ubunru 9.04, and when i try to update apt-get, i get many 404 Not found, how should I fix that?
Hey guys, is it suggested to NOT upgrade from the last version of Ubuntu to the latest?
 I'm tring to join ##c++ but I can't write anything, is there something I need to do before being able to write?
What's DRM and why is it bad? (sorry if this is the wrong place to ask, but it seems that a lot of Linux users dislike it).
привет всем
am looking for a cheap ($20-$25) wireless PCI adapter that works out of the box (or with jockey) in ubuntu.  Suggestions?
Hello all, I bought a domain name from goDaddy.com, already have my ubuntu 10.10 server up and running. Any help on linking my I think it has something to do with Nameservers. Any help?
hi need some help in installing wine 1.3
 can someone tells me, how can i set a password for root
the launcher creator is a xubuntu feature of it can be applied in unbuntu 11.04 too?
anyone know about z68 mobo and ethernet problems?
un problema tengo una notebook con windows seven y ubuntu 11.04 y cuando inicia queda la pantalla en negro
Question: Upon booting my computer, it said that a new release of namby or whatever was out, and that i should do-something-something. It installed a GB load of stuff, or so it said,and now I'm unable to do few things. I cannot launch Software-update-center, I cannot apt-get install conkeror, I cannot use my terminal emulator properly urxvt
Hi. A While a go I asked about doing an ubuntu install on less than 3gb hdd, at the time someone suggested to download the alternate and install a minimal and then build form there, and offered a link to a step by step setup. I can't find that info now, googled the whole afternoon and came out empty... anyone can help me?
 I've installed ubuntu server 11.04 and webmin. I am trying to set up a web server. Question: do I need anything else for security of the server? Or default install is secure enough?
Anyone have a few minutes to tell me the best way to configure my "abstract" networkign environment?
hey, does anybody know how to fix this error? /usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libstdc++.so.6: version `GLIBCXX_3.4.15' not found
is it about webmin that makes it incompatible with Ubuntu? Why does Ubuntu say the package is of bad quality, yet the rest of the Linux world wanna touch your breasts
uses it without issue?
Anyone in the UK reccomend a good ISP?
guys how to control which program is allowed to access the internet?
 latest LTS here. When I login remotely I see that 106 packages can be updated and 61 updates are security updates. However when I do apt-get update; apt-get dist-upgrade, all packages are reported to be the latest. What is wrong?
can anybody help me get adobe flash for uxbun? the site didnt work neither did the software area.
hi - why don't mounted drives show up in the left panel in nautilus in oneiric?
can I force cron jobs to run when there are no users logged on?
Bonjour !
can anyone point me to a good place for help on recovering trucated files on a VFAT filesystem?  (think echo "" > file.mp3, not rm file.mp3).  fsck.vfat is finding chains of dangling data, and files whose chain length is >0 bytes, but it keeps wanting to truncate the files, not chain them back
you folks like Chopin?
how tu intall ubuntu 10.10 for duel boting?
how do iinstall 3d accelaction?
you help me with ip routes in ubuntu?
i'm sorry i ask tihs again cause i had a phone call ...: in ubuntu 10.04 LTS , i can't modify /etc/network/interfaces... (E45: 'readonly' option is set (add ! to override) ) what can i do??
ciao ragazzi mi potete suggerire come posso installare i driver di un scanner lide 110? sono novello su ubuntu e mi sto cimentando da qualche giorno . grazie per la collaborazione.
movie player in ubuntu?
so is xorg x window manager is preinstalled in ubuntu 11.04
whats the support # for openSUSE?
there some type of #offtopic? - im writing an application via email and my friend copy pasted what got him the job, i just want it reworded so it doesn't look so similar.
Hi, I have the ubuntu server installed but I can't find the "lamp-server" packager in the repository
hey all... i have no sound, but i can turn volume wheel up and down though there is no hardware found in 'sound properties' How to find driver for sound card? please help!
do i remove a log in process or k out a startup process
Hi, I would like to have a mp3 player that have a module to display a giant speaker or subwoofer to put it in full screen
Has anyone tried Gnome 3 to replace unity yet?
guys, does anyone have any good tips on making ubuntu secure?
FFFFFFUUUUUUUUUU Facebook for your complete inability to write proper documentation!!!!!!!!!!
im on a laptop, when I close my lid the laptop goes into sleep...i dont want to it too....how can I set this up?
I'm selling a Ipad2 16 GB 3G (ATT) unopened for $600, am I being ripped off?
почему я нимагу на ubuntu-ru ничево написать в чат
any app for ext3 data recovery pls?
i need help need i install restricted and non free on lubuntu 10.10
whered the administrator tools menu get moved to on the new ui?
Hi, which is best: flash32 or flash64
one gona haelp me?
hwo can i update to new version of ubuntu??
how can i get GLIB or what is the apt-get install command for it
is better client for bt deluge or transmission
Is there any kind of anti-virus for ubuntu?
hi, does anyone know of an irc channel to discuss web hosting issues, specifically domain registration?
do you disable the launcher bar thingy in 11.04
anyone here runs unity?
is unity still the planned UI for all future ubuntu releases?
Where can I find keyboard shortcuts in 11.10?
is it possible to save firefox stored passwords and restore them after a fresh system install?
hello I got a problem with system monitor, everytime I start it it loads then just disappears - need help figuring out whats wrong, new at this
someone please tell me how to install google-voice plugin on natty?
to whom should I report a probable installer bug?
Does anybody then maybe know how to prevent Xorg from starting? Then I will just reboot the system.
s /etc/inittab? i tried locating it using locate and it's not there. where is the file that ubuntu is using for start up apps?
How can I find manually installed apps that are not in the repository & I have forgotten ?
can anyone heklp me
on fait pour parler Français.....?
hi everyone, does anyone know why i drop to busybox every time i log in? i recently installed ubuntu natty... and i have to wait for ages and type "exit" to be able to get the login screen
what does it mean when terminal tells me to run something as root
 wanna learn something about linux
rhello, someone knows how to retrieve an IRC nick password ?
gquestion >> I want to change the boot sequence from XP to ubuntu, I remember doing this in /boot/grub/menu.lst, unfortunatelw I dont have a menu.lst at this location (anymore) any clue ?
there any way to open a web browser through the terminal on a remote server?
Hi, trying to do an mdadm --remove /dev/md0 /dev/sda1 but get device or ressource busy ...
народ подскажите как на Linux Mint поставить центр приложений от Ubuntu
 is it possible to install ubuntu (desktop) from command-line using another version (without cd) ?
hi, where is sshd logged under ubuntu ?  thanks
Greetings #ubuntu. This is the closest freenode has to a hangout for girls, and I wanted some advice on using hair dye. The product I have does not specify whether or not my hair should be dry or wet before beginning. What is the norm with these things?
hi, how can I activate visual effect in ubuntu oneiric?
Is it possible to make Update Manager / apt default to FTP protocol instead of HTTP?
Whether there have Chinese people?
 GO VOTEEEEE!
where can I edit ubuntu 11.04 grub menu ?
can anyone here help me with making my custom ISO bootable?
permission do you generally need over a dir and a file to change it's permissions ?
anyone here know alot about 11.04's under the hood features?
does apt-get install dependecies default
 I have stupid beginner's problem. I have a server with jaunty (9.04), for which support has run out. I want to upgrade, but cannot find a packet source for the upgrade manager.
having an issue with Ubuntu 11.04 running under VMWare Professional on Windows 7 x64. The VM just randomly turns itself off; I assume Ubuntu is having a kernel panic or something. Where would I look to see what happened? Syslog has no info.
ei poeuqe meu linux nao da boot
 am i able to burn another ubuntu cd off of the live boot?
chinese?
i need help with clam antivirus, is anyone available?
 can I get synaptic to install in a custom directory? I don't have much room in my 16gb partition, so I'd rather install to the other hard drive
is ekiga still maintained?
Hi, i cant see any video in youtube.. how i can install flash?
s the root password for the ubuntu cd
can someone help me with docky please?
who are the floodbots?
ask,Does anybody here use weechat
should I install and antivirus in my ubuntu machine?????????
how do i install java on ubuntu 11.04
there a factoid on how to play a DVD with the latest UBuntu?
can anyone help me with a problem ive been having
are the packages for Ubuntu only optimize for i386 and x86_64?
do you upgrade the packages that show up in the not upgraded list
I am unable to mount my vfat partition rw.. i was using fstab: UUID=410B-6300 /mnt/FILES vfat user,auto,rw,exec,users 0 0.. this is no longer working.  what should i do?
Hi, Hoping someone can help me solve this: I moved my 8.04 LTS Hard drive into a dinosaur PII box after the motherboard crapped out on the old one. Had lots of trouble getting my Internet connection back. Have it now, the connection is on eth0 with DHCP, but when I try and start firestarter, it refuses, saying eth2 is not ready. However, it shows the correct, eth0, as the device on the panel.
up guys.  I'm having a predicament with apache on my ubuntu machine, its periodically spiking into like 30 apache threads and grinding to a halt... can anyone point me in the right direction?
could somebody help update java please?
anyone know how to save in backtrack?
the unity desktop now the default or did I accidently grab the notebook iso?
how can i look at the current open windows on ubuntu unity?
anyone here have expierence with android?
have a question about using PAE.  What will i be sacrafising if i run 32 bit with PAE rather then full 64 Bit?  i have 16 gigs of ram and a 6 core cpu.
а где русский канал ubuntu?
can u tell me any free web hosting sites withnphp support
habla español??
hello.. If i do dd if=/dev/sda3 of=/dev/sdb1.img , will it remove all files in sdb1 or not?
Anyone, terrible experience in attempting to install 11.04 on Windos 7 in Toshiba laptop. Panic while setting up swap, panic while using Firefox
what engine is wiki.ubuntu.com based?
im new to linux jus wanna know how to install java
Hey guys, when I connect usb hdd it mounts automaticly with a specific name. How do I change the name it mounts with?
anyone had any experience installing Ubuntu Server on a Dell T100 or T110?
how can i list also the contents of all subdirectories with "ls"?
Is there any professional video editing software for Ubuntu?
guys, i have a problem trying to use backtrack is anyone up to help?
Hi. I just install ubuntu and I am having a bit of a problem
can I get some help plz?
 is this the proper channel to ask questions regarding xen and ubuntu?
Is it possible to have a Unity-style appmenu while using Ubuntu Classic?
Ciao a tutti
all, while trying to install a tar.gz file I get this error when using ./configure , " ./configure: No such file or directory " <-- Linux Noob
is there a way to change the screen color for example i would like to tint my screen red for when im using my computer in the dark
Whats the best laptop to buy for running ubuntu? I dont want to buy apple. I want something that is mobile and powerful (14" at most 7lbs). My budget is $3k.
someone refer me to instructions on how to restore the grub bootloader to my system? I had always used a rescatux live cd to accomplish this but after loading a non-linux OS ontop of my linux instance, my bootloader is gone.
I ran remastersys on my server install to create a live CD, I have a custom TTY1.conf script, it is still correct in the squash file, but when I boot off the CD, it changes the TTY1.conf file. Anyway to stop this?
do i need antivirus program with ubuntu?
you know, if debs for antivir are available for U 10.10 32 or 64bit?
Hello, I definitely have this whole grub thing screwed up. Can anyone point me at a howto for installing GRUB on /dev/sdb while booted to /dev/sda ?
For software raid mirror do my drives have to be identical? I have two 80gb drives but they're not EXACTLY 80gb, which is weird, but they are different brands.
a tutti ho un problema, quando minimizzo una finestra non mi rimane l'icona sulla barra in basso per poterla riaprire e utilizzarla che faccio?
What is the best soft for making backup in Ubuntu? (settings, data, etc.)
what is crond
 anyone knows how to manually create an ubuntu usb live? the startup disk creator gives me an error message when booting
there is no /etc/inittab
guys  a quick question i register to nikserver of freenode with my email via command in XCHAT how could i change the password
 im trying to use this cmd line: java -Xmx1024M -Xms512M -cp Minecraft.jar net.minecraft.LauncherFrame to run Minecraft on ubuntu but i keep getting errors
I want to run windows 7 on my ubuntu 11.04 using the virtual box
how do i make amarok play .mp3 files?
everyone, I have a problem with a flashdrive I have, Sandisk Cruzer U3. Shitty thing loads with some crapware and shows up as both 2 GB filesystem and U3 System. I just want a way to wipe it all away, including the crap U3 stuff so I can install ubuntu on it. But the uninstaller that comes with the U3 crap is windows only and doesn't work under WINE.
Looking to set up the standard LAMP stack on my ubuntu 10.04 Desktop, is there a lamp package or do I have to install them all seperately
is there a channel for ubuntu studio?
por ahi
For some strange reason my core 2 duo 2,4ghz and 4gb of memory isn't enough for ubuntu, it still feels a tad slow and such
Hi, do you know if ext4 has a maximum path length?
knows a DB Design tool for linux like access 2007/2010?
ich suche jemanden der deutsch spricht, am besten aus berlin
Anyone tried that Ubuntu server 11.04 could not find your harddrive?? I just tryed to install (currently running debian 6.0 with no problems) but ubuntu server 11.04 can only see my external harddrive, not the one "in the computer" any ideas?
best,whats the best email client for ubunutu?
hola alguien sabe cuales son los mecanismos y politicas de seguridad que trae ubuntu
ok it says im still on 10.04 so how do i get 11.04 because i tryed to get it from the site and it didnt work
do I install SeaMonkey 2.1 from a repo in Ubuntu?
hello do you speak french
How do we get the close/minimize/maximize buttons back to the right corner of the window?
grub,Hi all.  How do you recover a system if the drive that /boot was on was destroyed?
hi, i just upgraded to ubuntu 11.04 and tried to install gnome shell.  but it doesn't show up on my login screen ?   what has happened ?
when i do 'man' for manual on something how do i kill the process again so i can get out?
do I use pastbin?
guys can you help me
I'm running linux kernel 2.6.32-32-generic, but that's a bit too old for newest nouveau dev build.. how do I get 'freshier' kernel?
anyone know if "ubuntu-11.04-server-amd64.iso" offers a "live cd" boot option??
Hi everyone. If I prefer the "old" ubuntu desktop, what should i do in terms of support(im on 11.4). Just use the classic desktop? Will that disappear?
I installed/activated Nvidia Driver thru    'Additional Drivers'  after I reboot I check and see-   This driver is activated but not currently in use.      How do I make my computer use it.
haq,my ubuntu installation is all messed up. Sound never really worked, and now I broke opengl too. I heard there is a newer version than 10.04 anyway; would upgrading probably help, or should I install it fresh?
where can you get a list of all the chat channels on ubuntu
When I try to run Update Manager, I get this error: Could not initialize the package information: E:Malformed line 86 in source list /etc/apt/sources.list (dist parse) Please fix to continue!    ANy help?
ce que quelqu'un connaîtrait Ekiga ?
okay so i installed flash aid, and it searched my system and installed the correct components for flash to work on my system and still flash games don't work
hey guys. I just installed 11.04, I'm wondering how do I tell the "close, min and max" buttons to be on the top right of windows rather than the top left?
do I install sun java? What's the package name?
how to configure sound chipset alc888 realtek in Ubuntu 11.10?
how do I use apt to show infomation on a package, like what it is/what it does
ubuntu have a firewall
So, who owns 'ubuntu' ?
HOLA
good app to create dvd movies !?!?!
what package has bash completion?
USB boot problem: grub boots but when i select anything it go's back to grub
un peut parler ?
Hi all. trying to run an fsck on an ext4 fs, but it just tells me immediately it's clean without properly scanning everything. How can I make it do a proper scan/
 i wanted to install Stalker (Game)...the installation under wine works
someone help with after a fixing my hardware my speakers dont work anymore and only my headphones do
using brasero i am burning the windows 7 iso to a dvd and it say 100 percent done and is stuck at  creating image checksome and it started at 7 mins and its now at 10 minutes is this noramla
is there anyway i can migrate to gnome 3
am trying to configure postfix to send outgoing mail from ubuntu to my exchange server on the LAN, can anyone help with that?
How can you make Ubuntu not disable unofficial repositories during a distro upgrade?
Have a problems. =Duplicate sources.list entry http://us.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ lucid-security/universe Packages (/var/lib/apt/lists/us.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_lucid-security_universe_binary-i386_Packages)= what should i do?
hayden panettiere just asked me out!
Bib laden dead
can i change unity defaults, just don't like it want to go back to the old interface
UBUNTU!!! wish i know how to use it a lil more... is there any manual or tutorial for reallllllly dummy users? starting from 0! ?
Hey guys, is there anyone in here that can help me with a macro problem on OpenOffice 3.3.0?
can anyone recomend how to upgrade to gnome3 from unity?
+ channels ? ? ?
How can I install gnome 3 in Ubuntu??
how do i change my user@host, my host? hostname newhostname does not save the changes
I make a drive automatically mount on boot?
I was wondering if anyone using Gnome3 from the PPAs has figured out how to get their network manager not to be the ugly old one?
I am having this error when I try to log onto ubutnu Error: cannot find GRLDR in all drive. CTRL+ALT+DEL to restart
boa noite
Hello. I didn't like unity and want to migrate to xubuntu (several computers). Is there a possibility that Canonical will drop the support for xubuntu because it's not popular?
I am using Ubuntu 10.10 with the open source ATI drivers, are there any bugs I should be aware of in Ubuntu 11.04 before I upgrade?
 where can I report a bug without registering to launchpad?
hello. Is there a history of Ubuntu's Update Manager? Since I used the update manager yesterday, some of my projects using opencv are making trouble... so I wanted to check if it has been updated.
witam czy zastalem kogos z polski??
dont get the point in ./configure --prefix=/opt when installing from source. If in Linux an app's files are scattered all over the fs (/usr/bin, /usr/lib, /etc. /var, etc), what is the point in chaging the prefix. What will this change do? What will go to /opt and what will go elsewhere?
howto blocking an IP with iptables in ubuntu / or how i can start or stop iptables
hello, hope anybody can help. I run under ubuntu 10.04.2 LTS (lucid) with KDE but want to update to 11.04 (natty) with GNOME now... what's the best way to do this without deleting all my data.. is there any way to update by cd or apt?! - btw I use two different partitions for / and /home
can I make the launcher auto-hide in natty ?
cual es la sala de español
Hello guys.. I've passed to LPIC1, will I receive CompTIA certification as well?
xica q hable español¿?
the standard 11.04 install disk doesn't support lvm
hi, does anyone know how to disable the xsplash screen at boot up? thanks!!
guys having an issue writing to mine/Minecraft\ Server\ im the owner of it but i get permission denied
is there an ubuntu general chat?
can someone tell me how to disable screen lock for hibernation?
m'insulte si je parle francais?
hello everyone, where i can reach the device manager of the ubuntu ? preferbly an alternative way to the console
Anyone ever get sendmail working on ubuntu? I installed it via aptitude install... also plugged it into my php.ini file. Doesn't work. If I run mail() in a php script the script takes forever and doesn't send. Same if I run sendmail from the commandline. Is there an error log somewhere I can get hints from?
here speak spanish?
bonjour a tous
why has installing gnome3 (on 11.04) given me a horrible theme?
 in a recovery effort on my machine, I accidentally installed the 32-bit version but wanted the 64-bit version. is there any way to upgrade a 32-bit to a 64-bit? If not, is there a way to capture all packages installed so I can re-install them automatically? I've spent a good bit of effort restoring my environment before I caught the mistake
how do I move the close/minimize/maximize buttons to the other side of the window? I forgot how to do it and I have no clue how to do it in 11.04
Does anyone have experience with IR Remotes?  I'm looking for some help
a little help (well maybe alot). i ran ubuntu (natty) from a live cd and it reported bad sectors on my HD, i'm pretty sure there only write errors not a mechanincal faliure of the disk. I tried formating it didn't help so i wrote 0's to the harddrive using a usb with backtrack. but now it's not letting me install any os to the harddrive...??/
is this 11.04 upgrade worth it?
 Hello guys, i need to set my backtrack screen resolution to the maximum window on my dell 1564 laptop, any help with that ?
cannot install nvidia prop drivers : "driver is activated but not in use". any hints?
hi. i;m looking for a linux related programming channel
Hi. I'm booting off a LiveCD to try to fix my other Ubuntu laptop. For some reason the LiveCD tries to mount the bad partition which fails and creates an uninterruptible process. This blocks all other utilities from accessing the partition. How do I boot the LiveCD so that it does not touch the bad partition until I want it to?
haq,Hi everyone. I have a question for you all. Has anyone done an Ubuntu 11.04 minimal install with Gnome 3 successfully? If so, are you experiencing any problems or is everything running overall smoothly?
Ok hdd keeps failing due to read error i have ran smartctl fsck and bad blocks they all come up clean what else should i try?
10,Can anyone tell me when Oneiric Beta2 is expected today?
know how to make w3m display images?
How to check our partition on Ubuntu ?
I have a problem with unity, could anybody help me ?
want to do a USB install of ubuntu
hi folks , im looking for a general chat channel, any suggestions on irc servers and rooms ?
Whats the average wait time for bugs to be fixed on launchad?
have a question, does Ubuntu normally ship with a firewall by default?
hello. how would I best approach installing a single package and its dependencies from oneiric (package that doesn't exist in natty, python3-gobject)?
i have some query regarding my laptop
someone please, please help me with a big problem
siema
whats the name of the program that makes compiz settings?
the Update Manager starts an upgrade, it always gets stuck waiting for me to open the "Details" section, read the change log, and press "q".  Surely new users would have no idea it was waiting for that, so this is a bug.  What package or config setting did I add that is making it do this?
siema
Anyone available to help me with a problem?
do i check what depends on an automatically installed package?
I am trying to install Ubuntu 10.04 LTS on an older laptop which currently has 9.04 installed. However, it seems it cannot boot from the USB or the Ubuntu install cd. What can I do to fix this?
alguin habla español?
need English - German and German - English dictionary, any Ideas for one?
10,Hi does anyone tried LXC under ubuntu oneiric>?
where can I find features of the ubuntu 11.10 alpha 2?
notice how Obama has no problem doing anything,,,, as long as he uses everyone else's money to accomplish it ;)
Can anyone port scan my public IP for me I'm getting odd results doing it from the internal network
Is there a separate partition for grub?
pessoal
Hi. I'm using Ubuntu 9.04 Jaunty. Apparently the software repositories I had configured are no longer available. How do I easily update my list of software repositories ? I don't want to upgrade my Ubunutu version.
hey anyone know an appropriate channel to ask questions about fail2ban in?
use x64. I'm having trouble with a program that wants to use 32 bit libs. I got the 32 bit lib version & would symlink to it but in /usr/lib I have the x64 version & want other programs to use the x64 version. What can I do to make only a specific program that calls libavformat.so go to the 32 bit lib while others use the x64 version?
谁教我学英语
Hi, is it possible to find a specific text line (for instance: my_text) into a FOLDER with many text files? I mean to look into each one of the files
 what is the package name to install the gnome classic desktop in 11.04?
ANYONE: How do I restore ubuntu that gives "grub rescue" when I turn on laptop
algun español ?
package do i install to get all of the dvd and music codecs?
Best media player for Ubuntu? I'm new, but love VLC, is that what everyone else uses too?
anyone know the boot option required as a workaround for Nvidia laptop chipset ?
anyone recommend a wireless network card that runs out the box for Natty 11.04 ?
que version de xubuntu puedo intalar en una pc vieja
quien es programador java?
had a HD mounting problem and had to boot from an ISO disc - can I fix it from here?
i cannot join #PHP channel so i will ask from here :P. if i have array[$i] <-- how i can add value inside of [] like array[$i+1] <-- that doesn't work
有装防火墙的必要吗
is itnunes 10.5 for ubuntu?
Hi, Can I make a custum installation with repositories... from the scratch?
I am trying to install sun JDK on 11.04 and the script has lauched a doc that looks like the "accept the lic." but it doesn't seem to accept input, the OK button is not active.  Anbody know how to submit "OK" and get the script to proceed?
want to add natty repos to my 10.04. will i face any problem ?
а кто тут админ?
can I add sources by adding files to /etc/apt/sources.list.d or is it for something else?
wanna help me with a problem burning CD / DVD?
whats a good remote backup tool to use for ubuntu lucid server?
hi, I deleted some files from an usb stick. Is there a way to recover them? I couldn't find them in the local trash
all. Can you confirm that an updated Beta 1 is the same as a final release of Natty ? Thanks.
is this a general chat for ubuntu or just for tech support type stuff
About file permissions, who is/are "group"?
pl,Szukam kogoś z Lubina Polkowic Legnicy Lub Wrocławia do wsólnych projektów
I have updated from 10.10 to 11.04, and am using Unity.  (intel i7 core, ati radeon non-free drivers).  Since the update, I've experienced a strange problem where the "focused" window gets stuck focused.  I cant move it, or escape to anther window.  Anyone else experienced it?
hi, i was wondering if there is a tool that lists any system changes like a changelog, perhaps any packages that have been added or removed? does such a tool exist??  thx
do I have to do to get mp3s working?
how do we restrict nautilus to show items only in $HOME
how do i register my nick on freenode
 i ask myself if i should install an antivirus on my ubuntu laptop... what do you think?
what is the best Linux for servers?
so how do I unfreeze my nick?
i just did apt-get install php5 and the 5.3.2 version got installed, which is about 8 months old I think... I did apt-get update and upgrade before I installed php5... What's wrong here? Why did I get an old version?
Hola
is it possible to recover data deleted via "rm" command with root priviledge?
anyone know where firefox seaches for addons. i added the libflashplayer.so once and forgot where the fodler was..
everytime I maximize a window, compiz segfaults in libc-2.13.so  Any idea?
I am using Dual boot. Now in my ubuntu, i need add some space to disk. I have used gparted and there is 40GB unalocated space. I have created new partition using ntfs. Is that the actual file system? Will this space added to the existing partition?
else who might know where to find un-official repos for jaunty ?
anyone with a eee pc 1015pn here?
is there a better way (i.e. GUI) than editing /etc/sudoers to make sudo not require a password?
there anyway to diffrenciate two audio streams(in a single track) manually from mp3 files? any good mp3 editor for that?
Hello, how can I install GNOME3 in my Ubuntu 11.04?
im trying to send internet to my xbox 360 from my laptop that is connected to it via ethernet cord but the xbox doesnt pick up the internet? any one have an idea of what i should do
unity mandatory on 11.04 or is it optional?
um hi there... i:m a windows user who:s just installed ubuntu w/ unity. where is the control panel or something?
Is anyone aware of a sort of pastebin for pictures? (might be a bit off-topic)
is there  a way to install just the kernel and terminal without desktop and stuff?
Trying to install Ubuntu 11.04 and getting Kernel errors when selecting Install. Asus P5P800-SE Motherboard with 2GB Ram 250GB HDD Intel Pentium 4 3.06GHz NVidia GeForce 6200
maybe I'm missing something, but how do I reboot/logout with this new unity interface? and is there an easy way to disable unity?
 how can I get my external hard drive to auto-mount during boot in Natty?
i am trying to edit .profile using 'vi .profile' and that obviously is not working can someone help me plz
how to convert file from mac format to dos format in ubuntu
精英
Should ubuntu have an xorg config by default?
how does one mount an external HFS+ LaCie harddrive in read/write mode?
 I use Ubuntu 11.04 intel 32bit with Intel 82845G/GL graphic card, without unity. My RAM is 950 MB total and 930 MB used but when i check mem usage, i saw gdm 10%, firefox 17% thunderbird 10%  Xorg 12% and that's all the main, any tips ? after a few hours my computer will freeze
I just got an nvidia 6200 for my old rig :) and I get three options for the drivers. I know one says "recommended" but what are the other ones? outdated drivers?
There is no /boot/grub/menu.lst. How can I change which partition is the default boot?
guys... I was installing an app using terminal using apt-get install command... I closed that window by mistake.. how to get it back??
Id like to switch to ubuntu full time. But I have one issue; iTunes, I know wine doesn't have the USB support (or graphics support) for it to run. Any thoughts?
bonjour
have just installed 11.04. How do I configure unity?
oh and someone told me that a good operating system to use is called "backtrack"? is it any good?
how to get a google plus invite?
  I had Ubuntu Desktop i386 10.10 and swapped up to 11.04.  I had trouble with audio (PulseAudio) and tried to switch to Alsa.  I somehow deleted my volume control applet and can't add it again.  I clicked to add applet and find many things I can add, but volume is not one of them.  Any suggestions?
hi people, i use ubuntu 11.04 at office with 20 client, lasts couple days people tell me ` when computer goes screensaver, after for example 1 hour later, they come back and sit computer , password screen doesnt come ` and computer lock, and they must able to restart pc again. why this makes so ? what can i do for this ? thank you
hey, can anyone suggest a generic "chat" irc room that actually has people on it?
time to time, using right+left mouse buttons at the same time to generate a middle click seems to stop working.  Resetting the computer fixes this, but I'd prefer a solution that doesn't require resets
hi, please i need help but im not good writing english, how to join ubuntu channel for spain/spanish speakers? thank you all
hey, I'm looking for an official ARM-Repository for Ubuntu, is there any? I'm on Freescale i.MX515
помагите с проблемкой в панелях гнома
Looking for htc evo irc channel
hola, alguien sabe donde encuentro driver para la Ubuntu 10.1 da la grafica : ilicon Integrated Systems [SiS] 771/671 PCIE VGA Display Adapter (rev 10)
it be a bad idea to have 0 primary partitions and just logical partitions ?
What's a recommended firewall for Ubuntu?
I can't get my ubuntu server to connect to the internet, can some offer any advice?
there a way to backup all my installed packages
I wish to upgrade  the kernel linux 2.6.32-27 generic,but i have an older I386;what's the best choice for me?
Hi room - I'm running Ubuntu 11.04 and I can't drag any files onto my Desktop. Any idea ?
the US, starting what age are you eligible to rent a car? I'm 23.
I have many problems with gnome 3:: I can not adjust my screen brightness??
witam
does know the best way to restore iptables configuration on boot? on a vps?
hello boys and girls > does anyone know if there is a channel dedicated to nomachine - nx client/server ???
nessuno che parla italiano?
how do i get rid of unity and bring back default gnome? i don't like the single menu bar approach anyways....
does anyone use kdenlive? i need some help please
Hey guys I have been sudo apt-get update'ing for a while is it advisable to sudo apt-get upgrade and will that change things for the worse?
folks ;) I wonder if there is a downoad history kept in thunderbird, and if yes, wher can I find it ?
Hi does anyone know the ubuntu command for what would usually be httpd -S when using apache2?
I have a question. ;D
all.  Just setting up a laptop in 11.04  Installed in English and want to switch entirely to French.  Is this possible?
Just upgraded to 11.04 and now looking at installing several programs via sudo-apt get instead of typing them 1 by one in the terminal window is it possible to run a batch? Any links that would show me how?
dou shui?
 anyone know how to stream netfix in ubuntu ?
Can someone help me get my headphones working? They were working before I restarted
is there a good link for learning how to install Win7 on an Ubuntu machine (dual boot)
am needing a little help
I don't find the file /etc/inittab in 11.04. where is it?
Would paying Canonical for support help me if the issue was in the kernel?
there a wine channel for ubuntu?
anybody know about ati drivers for bt4
is there any way for me to find out if i have a microphone on my computer?
there any way to make ubuntu's password sessions last longer? typing in my password every three minutes is seriously getting old.
anybody can help me work on the citrix reciever?
how can i update my ubuntu 10.04 server edition to the latest one from shell
with an idea of where i can find the network programmers irc on freenode, or can i simply ask here?
how can i acquire the dictionary which is supposed to come with the default install? it's supposed to be under apps->office, but i dont have it. (relatively fresh 11.04 install)
Need some help here. Been googling for hous now. I installed Ubuntu 10.10 with the windows installer (I'd really like to migrate from win to ubuntu, but this is doing my head in), and now I can't seem to upgrade to 11.04: An unresolvable problem occurred while calculating the upgrade (Before this error I get a message about some packages being disabled). Any hints?
 I'm using irssi on ircd-hybrid. Even after I /oper, I can't see secret (+s) channels with /list. What might I be doing wrong?
hey there, i'm trying to use texmaker with 11.04 and it seems the menus have vanished. the menu bar is there, but no menu items appear when a menu is selected. anyone seen something like this?
im looking for a channel supporting youtube questions
there a channel specific to Intel Graphics?
anybody know where i can find ubuntu documentation on setting up coda?
does anybody have an idea of where XChat stores configuration?
estas ?
How do I upgrade from one distro to another?
HI. i have ubuntu 10.04 server isntalled. I changed the cache_dir size in squid from "100 16 256" to "350000 16 256", i have 500 hard disk, Now i am unable to start m squid., I did squid3 -z  but no success, says, failed to verify one of the swap directories.. HELP please
want to help me?
русские есть тут
Hi, hab ein problem
guys, I am trying to test 11.04 on a live CD but now it is asking for a login, I never made any accounts so does anyone know how to get around this?
how to play dvd
I have A SSD disc with 12gb free. Still when I start after grub it tells med hd0 out of discspace press any key to continue. How do I get rid of this message?
there another way to download MP3s from the Amazon store in Natty other than using Banshee?
I already asked this before, but I need to know if it is possible to share an internet connection. On the tutorial that I was reading I need a crossover cable. Is there any other approach whithout using a crossover cable? I have my desktop with two network cards, one is connected to internet via wifi and the other to the switch or router via ethernet
I think I need to enable the i965 drivers to enable Unity on this laptop can't figure out how
che e un discorso di merda, ma mia figlia sta navigando in camera sua ed e chiusa a chiave e possibile vedere le pagine cha sfoglia?
I am recording video by desktop recorder but after recording it also gives some small noise how to fix this?
how can I get the old Gnome in Natty?
it possible to isntall and run ubuntu on a raid5 with a dedicated root partition using btrfs for root?
what is Ubuntu Minimal?
anyone know how I can kill a process I started with nohup?
есть раша?
how can i check if there are any updates for my system via command line?
Seems Ubuntu is a bit different then other *nix systems in not enabling a root account by default? How do I check to see if superuser (su) enabled?
 what's the best way to create a backup / image of my entire system?
hey guys, i'm wanting to take a picture with my webcam every x seconds, and then compare it to a photo, and if the % difference < 70% then a script is executed, could you recommend me the tools for doing this? thanks.
How can I continue using the Terminal after using sudo gkedit?
do I boot to console instead of boot to X ?
witam wszystkich
is there a cryptkeeper channel, anyone?
network gurus in the house ?
刚刚说汉语的还在吗？
hola soy nuevo manejando ubuntu saben algun comando para cambiar la resolucion  a 1024
here knows NFS?
can i restore the old interface in ubuntu 11?
Hola.
a nice laptop if i plan on primarily running ubuntu
I have installed Linux Mint 9 alongside my Windows 7 starter on one of my computers.
crap just upgraded to new Ubunut and the desktop is shit how do I get back to the old layout
do I access the GRUB cli when on boot I'm taken directly into Ubuntu without a grub menu?
im about to install windows 7 on a system that already has a new ubuntu... in an hour when the install finishes im sure it will erase the linux boot, so to fix taht i can use easyBCD to restore the linux boot ??
How can I install the latest Sun (Oracle) java version?
anyone,Has anyone on here used Wine?
does anyone play minecraft on ubuntu
what should be the permissions on .ssh/authorized_keys
Gnome3 offered in the Ubuntu repos?
hi, can anyone recommend a superb FPS game in ubuntu like unreal tournament???
How do I disable X11/GDM on start-up
there anyway I can make the header at the top of this chat page disappear? I am a bit short sighted and it takes up too much space
I am in the process of choosing a laptop for work... I'll install ubuntu on it and I do not want any issue with video, audio, touchpad / whatever.. hibernate and standby should work with no issue. I need at least 4 gb ram, better if more and I want a battery that last for 3 or more hours at least.... any suggestion? (brand / model)
hola
installed the nvidia260 driver back but now i cant set the resolution
Can I ask a question
hello! is upgrading from 10.04 to 11.04 possible/recommended straight through dist-upgrade?
do I replace Unity with Gnome? I hate it.
An ubuntu system of mine is broken and gnome doesn't work properly anymore.  How can I use apt-get to reinstall gnome and ALL deep reverse dependencies on the system so that it fixes any and all broken packages?
Hello iam using lucid lynx 10.4 How do you upgrade to newer version?
chinese?
Hey simple question, how to het list of programs that have installed in your machine by apt-get or aptitude? just do not want to use graphical system here
hi, how can I find out what version of nvidia drivers I have installed. 270.41.06-0ubuntu1 is a useless number. I need the nvidia version 11.6 or what ever it is
there any popular gaming irc channels
did anybody knows how to install LAMP
What is the IRC channel for non help related Ubuntu talks?
linux questions: 1) how can i learn how many actual MB each process is using?  top tells me a % of memory but not actual memory.  2) how can i learn what is causing my load to be higher?  3) how can i learn how much i/o (and how much avaialble i/o) i have? 4) how can i do the same for networking?
русские есть?
Why Ubuntu 11.04 is TRYING to IMITATE to MACOS?
use shout2send?
ubuntu now too slow what  graphical utility to terminate processes apps
Hola
 Encrypted DVD support unavailable. <- how do I fix that?
ciao a tutti qualcuno parla italiano??
who help me in configuring bind with webmin?
!! after installing nvidia proprietary drivers I ended up with a ubuntu one-ish desktop. I uninstalled ubuntu-one though but it's still.. where did the old gnome UI go??? Pls help
hi all, when i select boot from cd on mac osx the ubuntu start menu doesnt show up. any ideas?
How can I determine what section a certain package belongs to? For example, what section belongs the package »sudoku« to?
 techincal assistance available right now ?
anybody tested wow 4.2 on ubuntu 11.04 yet?
Hello, I have a very silly question. I was trying to get my integrated webcam to work so I downloaded 'webcam' and 'fswebcam'. When I ran them the light next to the cam popped on but there was no gui that came up. Now I haven't the foggiest how to shut the cam off. Can someone help me please?
guys, noob question- I just upgraded to natty and found out my firepass vpn plugin won't work with firefox 4; what's the easiest way to downgrade back to 3.5/3.6?
can somebody explain to me the purpose of the ${debian_chroot:+($debian_chroot)} in the PS1 variable that i get by default after installing the system?.
help needed
do I check whether a certain module is currently running in my kernel? modprobe <module> gives no output.
Hey everyone, I'm having issues with the clock drifting on my Xen VPS. I've installed ntp and ntpdate which sync's the clock periodically, but the clock is still drifting between that time.
Hi-- does anyone know how to resize the mouse cursor in KDE?
me. Via the command line, how can I determine what version of Ubuntu I am running?
Hi, where is a current list of laptops that work well with Ubuntu, including wireless and other stuff?
anyone having mouse problems?
 are Ubuntu 9.04 repos still available ? Is it possible to install applications on those distros ?
un français qui traine dans le coin pour un coup de main à une débutante sous ubuntu?
How does one go about adding a folder shortcut to the 'Places' menu?
all, did you hear about a bug with ubuntu one on natty, mine don't connect any more and gives a DBus error message.. ??
do i need to add a multimedia repository to ubuntu same as for debian or are the packages in multiverse current and with all codecs, etc?
i have small ram and i need light browser can you please give me his name please
was wondering if it makes sense to run Linux Mint only from my USB key and not install it
I just wonder, in my ubuntu server, inetd is not installed by default, so what does the system use to handle network request?
ciao a tutti come state?
s the proper syntax for checkinstall provides when the package provides more than one thing?
does anyone know a good firewall and how to configure it
Apparently mozillateam's firefox-next PPA doesn't include Firefox 7 for Natty 64-bit? Anyone know when they'll add it?
do I change the owner and group on a folder when it has a padlock?
Can anyone point me to an *open source* driver for Broadcomm wireless B43 card? I've been going absolutely bonkers trying to make buggy proprietary drivers work with ndiswrapper!
Кто тут по руски пишет?
all, simple question, why is canonical recommending to install 32 for the desktop? what if i have a i5 processor taht fully supports 64bit and have8 GB of ram?
Have any of you tried that Baidu.com Internet Browser yet?
how do i share files?
got a 9.04 cd here, for what version I should update until got a stable one?
anyone got a minute to help a linux noob?
How do i tell ubuntu to switch from PDT time to EST time
 all. Is there a way to maximize a window to a certain side of the screen? You can drag a window to the side and it'll maximize it in that space (a la Win 7), but I'd like to configure a shortcut key for it. Any ideas?
anyone running latest 11.04 on x86 or amd64? could you throw me the md5sum of /lib/i386-linux-gnu/security/pam_unix.so ?
Hello, do you know any c support irc channel ? thank you
question....If I download the iso today will it include the updates or does it start off when it was originally released?
chce mi sie spac. Perl, napisalem Perl dla zmylki, zeby ci, co nie rozumieja jezyka pomysleli, ze zadaje pytanie odnosnie czegos zwiazanego z systemem. O, napisze jeszcze JavaScript, to pomysla, ze naprawde mam jakis problem. Zaczna pisac, zebym pisal po ichniemu jezyku albo poszedl na kanal z rodakami, ale oczywiscie tam mnie zjeby zablokowali, stare konie, a zachowuja sie jak 5latki, do tego cnotki niewydymki. Suki. Musze isc do pracy. Milego dnia.
anyone know how to do a low-level format of a drive?
spanish?
i need help how to use teminal
is it safe to install gnome-panel in oneiric?
someone hep me with some facebook promotion?
тут по русски пишут?
Hi. any one know about linux driver for finger print thumb LighTuning
here willing/able to help me with an installation mystery?
hola
Is it possible to Install Ubuntu directly from Internet? (kind of like Gentoo or something?)
there any Italian here?
I have a dvd with a sector error so it's acting up? Can anyone help me save the data on it?
i need help running conky, when i execute it is shown incomplete and enlarged on the lefthand side of the screen
ve forgotten my gnome-keyring password, and I need to reset it.  what do I do?
hi, when automounting a pendrive, root gets the ownership, denying me write access. to make sure it's not cause by my user settings, i created a new user, but got the same result. i use ubunut 10.04 How can I get (automatically) write permissions on a pen drive?
how can I know if my video card works on ubuntu 11.04?
amigos! question: is ubuntu 32bit better in terms of battery life expectation?
who speak spanish, cause i need help with wifi driver
Hi afaik flac is a lossless compression, what do the different compression-options effect then? does -5 do worse results (in meaning of sound quality) then --best? or does it take only more time and get smaller outputfiles?
does ubuntu.com not mention anywhere about linux?
what's the command to open a text file using gksudo?
Who can help me, please?
have connected a usb device.what is that device name?
whats a good torrenting program for ubuntu
Does anyone use 11.04 yet?
is the slideshow viewer in ubuntu please?
Ive created a gparted live boot cd.  Booted to the CD (actually usb stick) .  Trying to resize the local win7 partition on the host drive.  When i boot to gparted its got the little caution triangle near the device name and won't let me resize it.  Can anyone tell me why this is?
somebody speak spanish?
i download a .deb file how to i install/unpack it?
Hi, how to make a 4gb system only backup on my intenal harddrive?
is there a way to only update packages that are security related?
tout le monde
Hi all, tell me how to set a theme in Xubuntu???
hey, My computers harddrive still randomly goes read-only and requires a reboot and fsck to go back. However the plot thickens as the computer was on all of today and in use for parts of it without it going read-only. I think it's the running of "transmission" (torrent program) that is breaking my harddrive? (although it may just be the heavy harddrive use). Anyone know what it could me?
anyone know how to successfully install and use Burg Bootloader?
Is anyone else having issues with screen corruption around gradients?
Offtopic: applied science vs. Computer science for a career path
is the command for set ubuntu not to ask password when I log in? (turn on the computer)
is there a way to refresh the applications menu without logging in and out to see new programs?
Is it possible to create a launcher for rdesktop in desktop ?
IS SHIT  SHIT  SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT
does ubuntu use salts for hashed passwords
is there a way to delete files that arent on OS drives to the trash?
cannot figured out how to use update-alternaitves, could I get a hand please?
what package installs a java runtime?
okay.. one thing that seems strange to me... why I wasn't asked for setting a root password?
11.10 takes longer to start than 10.04 :-(
does anyone know a very good site for learning more about intermediate terminal commands? thx in advance
is there anyone here who could help answer a question about tri-booting?
help
canal español???
Hi, is it possible with chage to force the user to change his password the next time he connects?
anyone tell me how to make 11.04 desktop boot into a text only mode so the gui is only started by running startx?
Hi guys ,  i used pendrivelinux.com ( Universal-USB-Installer-v1.5.1.exe ) to install ubuntu to my flash drive .. is there a similar application for ubuntu ..any help pls
whats the best irc client for untuntu that i can get with apt-get
, je suis à la recherche d'une traduction de la documentation d'aide de Nted , en francais of course !
i dont arrived to joint a server chat #  login and pass for nickserv
Hi all, just upgraded to Oneiric and I have one package held back "update-notifier-common", apt-get -f install or dist-upgrade don't fix it, trying to install it causes it to report it will remove ubuntu-desktop, and trying to remove it says the same, any ideas?
a todos
Hi. Could someone please tell me from their experience how Office 2007 or 2010 runs on WINE?
Firefox 5 offers a service to complete entering a login name and password once you have agreed to. Where can I delete 2 such entries of the past because they are typos?
also nvidia current ist installiert, zeigt jedoch keine wirkung
hello! on some 10.04 systems i have noticed that the command 'less' actually executes bash scripts (when i am expecting to just look at them). it seems that they have to exist in some $PATH dir for that to happen, but it doesnt happen on all servers. cant find anything about it in the man page either, nor on google... has anyone noticed such a thing?
guys is there a #banshee channel?
 When I run an OpenOffice presentation in fullscreen (F5) mode, my gnome panel is still visible. How to avoid this?
Why would I use apt-get over aptitude since aptitude has switches like -r which are super handy ?
hello, any msn console client can be recommend?
you guys help? i installled playonlinux and downloaded midnight club 2 and it wont let me play
hello how do i satrt ubuntu 11.4 text only?
I need help with ubuntu please
have an ubuntu 11.04 install on a flash usb disk. How can I make the grub loader on that disk give me the options of the OS on the flash usb as well as the options on the hard disk of any computer that I plug it into? Thank you.
multitermais alguem ai ta usando no ubuntu..
Hi,How to register for chat?!
remotamente pelo X
is there a "hardware compatibility list" for ubuntu, so I can look and see for any possible pitfalls in installing ubuntu over specific hardware ?
waht is the chat in spanish sexy hot girl?
haq,any good uninstallers out there?
Hi, I've just installed irssi, but I don't know how to scroll up to see previous messages.
im having problems during boot... ubuntu 11.04 gives me some irq problem and then cap locks keeps blinking and ubuntu wont boot... i have to reboot 2-3 times to make it boot... what would be the problem?
i don't knwo if this is the right cannel to ask... i was reading about a comment of Linus Torvalds about userspace filesystems. so i started investigations about "userspace filesystems" but i feel like i only understand half od the magic. someone knows a good source of information?
Hello. I am trying to increase the size of my root partition using gparted but am having trouble. I enter the new value and then nothing happens. I am new to ubuntu so hope someone may be able ot point me ot a page.
Trying to recover a deleted folder. What do?
knows a channel to discuss PC hardware? I'm having trouble with a new motherboard and I don't want to pollute this channel...
Hi all,  I think I have a simple question for you guys.  I have a fresh Wubi Ubuntu 11.04 install and I tried changing just one thing.  I added synergyc to the 'Startup Applications Preferences' and unfortunately now the login screen is not acting normally.   I can boot to a command line but I can't find where I can either reset or remove the entry I made into 'Startup Applications Preferences' from the command line to get things bac
Hi guys.. does anyone here know if my synced files will get deleted from the ubuntu one cloud server upon subscription expiration?
screen @ boot after update. help!
is the "advanced installer" (alt iso) included on the standard iso?
Hi. I "want to" install a PHP-capable webserver (actually, I just want to use rock_mongo and not care about the webserver, but that doesn't seem to be an option), so... I just apt-get install apache2 php5 and am done?
 ubuntu 10.4 cant recognize my sound card. but it work from live cd
20gb for full encrypted ubuntu is enough?
Which command to control (enable/disable) a service in Ubuntu. I used to use "update-rc.d" do enable/disable a daemon. However after using ubuntu i find that some server are 'converted' to other place so update-rc.d no longer works\
ubuntu not have /etc/rc.sysinit to process on boots?
大家好
so is there a program to make a "restore point" before i do anything. this is a fresh install and i would rather not screw it up "again"
m trying to play a DVD, but it doesn't seem to work and the logs show an error about reading scrambled data without authentication, what can I do to fix it?
Please register your nickname on freenode to chat here. How do I do that????
Okay, so.... Purged pulseaudio and lost the volume control that is present with a fn key combo
know about installing Broadcom b43 drivers on ubuntu 11.04
hi! how could i share my eth internet connection with my usb wireless in 10.10?
anyone using a drobo s with their ubuntu box?
am unable to open an libreoffice excel spreadsheet due to corrupt file, is there a way to circumvent this?
hey anybody can help me with xchat plz ?
i need some help register
- I'm trying to install a tar.bz2 app. I've unzipped it, changed dir to the app folder but ./configure comes back 'no such file or directory'
what permissions are attached to ///var/www
hi there people, i'd like to post a question
to go root on ubuntu terminal?
ola
if i download and install an RC version of mint ..... will it upgrade automatically to the final version?
ircii or epic what is the best console based IRC program?
10,I tried to use ubuntu 11.10 alpha 3 on my external hdd drive, but it always fails to install the bootloader. why?
how to turn encryption kee on??? WIFI
ask,Can anybody help me?
How do I change my email address for launchpad/ubuntuone? I enter the conformation code and it says unrecognised.
you cant combine default language english and have location in scandinavia .... wtf ?
guys? I tried to remove my name from the panel and all the information on the right side disappeared. Adding Notification Applet does not bring it back
how u install driver for geoforce 210 video card
Know of a linux distro that isn't filled up with junk and is lightweight, so i can just install things i want?
is the default clipboard app for ubuntu 10.04? and how can i print the content in console?
Where is the file containing the deb and deb-src lines?
where is ubuntu's startup scripts
помогите интегрировать Thunderbird в Unity
Hi all , is there any italian in this chat?
why the latest ubuntu release use the horrible purple colors ?
do I install java for chromium?
Can anyone help me setup a network Dell Printer? I cannot locate the drivers after they have been installed.
Anyone running Seagate Momentus Xt?
there a way to only allow root to change the perms of a file, regardless of who the owner is?
how do i enable root in ubuntu
Hello, I've written a little shellScript i want to run while bootup. So I made a line to rc.local. The script asks for user input, but the boot process just continues, so i can't write anything. What can I do to stop boot while script is running?
 i have 10.04 and having problems with my nvidia geforce 6200: cpu usage is very high by xorg, compiz enabled. previously i had geforce2 so and i also tried the binary drivers from nvidia site, could anyone help me sort this out so i could properly reinstall my drivers, not ubuntu? (i have already purged nvidia* and installed nvidia-current what first caused conflict with the kernel modules somehow and also some warning about vdpau)
hi... I have a server and a client, both running ubuntu 11.04, but with different times set. Both run ntpd. What might be wrong? (how can ntpd give different times...?)
I have ubuntu 10.04 and I know ubuntu 11.04 is out there. I am wondering when the update will be available (automatically, that is, without me having to add some new software source) in the update manager?
know a really good book on Linux?
I was wondering if someone could help me. Ever since upgrading from Ubuntu 10.04 to Ubuntu 11.04, my PC Speaker randomly beeps. There is no pattern to it, it happens whether I am at my PC or if it is idle, it happens even with the Pcspkr module blacklisted and also happens on Linux Mint 10, Mint 11 and Ubuntu 10.10, but not in Mint 9 or Ubuntu 10.04. It also does not happen on Windows, so it IS a problem with Ubuntu 10.10/11.04. I was wondering if anyone else
Hi. For my wireless USB stick to work in Ubuntu 10.04, I need to install linux-backports-modules-wireless-lucid-generic via Synaptic. But, of course, I don't have an internet connection... How can I install it anyway? (Is there a way to download a deb file of it on another computer?)
тут может помоч?
Is it possible to install Ubuntu from another already installed distribution?
I have a problem with Update Manager - where can I paste the long error report?
am looking for some software that will allow me to download none copyrighted videos off the internet for university research. any ideas?
is exist a way to reach my music files in win7 from ubuntu? ( I ve built ubuntu on win7)
请问这里有懂iptables和tc配置的人吗？
is the update to Natty so extremely slow(100kb/s average). I can theoretically do 1.85mb/s, and I usually max it with the update manager
hi all, having some issues with Gnome 3 in Natty
Anyone in the age group 13-15 ?
 could someone please give me an example of this command completed "ln -s /mount/point/of/2nd/drive/.wine $HOME/.wine" I am not sure what the mount point is, is like /dev/sda1,2 3. computer:/// or /media
emm, do i need firewall and antivirus wen uing ubuntu ? :O
hombre o mujer
ingles?
Are there any known issues with OEM install with 11.04? tried install via disk and USB, starts loading with the ubuntu logo and dots screen then completely hangs
what's the proper way to upgrade from 9.4 to 11.4 from the command line?
guys, i encountered a pretty serious bug in oneiric: thumbnailers are missing in gconf. I.e. all gtk2 apps that generate thumbnails of media (images, videos...) won't work
can anyone help me set up my wireless internet?
hay alguien quehable español
. . . I am trying to get a Canon LiDE 110 working on Ubuntu  10.04 . . . what do I need to do?
I'm looking for software to help me study.  I want to create individual 'lessons' that consist of about 30 minutes of private study, and be able to define certain sequences in which they have to occur, and have them put to me at random.  Any software that can do this?
so what's the coolest game for ubuntu ?
trying to update my ubuntu, a friend cut the power without thinking (ggrrrr!!!).  now i cannot get the gui to work.  the computer boots but only into terminal.  how can i get the gui to come back?
How can I see a list of recently updated packages? I'm pretty sure it was an update from two days ago that has completely messed up my internet connection
Does anyone know how to stop an error message that is constantly running, causing my ubuntu server to be unusable?
guys, a while back, I lost my system. After an update that installed, when I rebooted my system, it would only run in low graphics mode (meaning no GUI). Now that I reinstalled my system, how can I ensure this will no longer happen in the future? How can I tell which update crashed my system in the future? Thank you.
你们都是英语
if i am connected to the internet wirelessely. can i share my internet if i hook up a router to my laptop?
s a full moon night
alguien me puede hechar la mano con un problema q tengo con los codecs de video
всем привет!
speak russian language?
list channel
how can i change my default browser in ubuntu 10.10?
 we're trying to find the deb file for Wine. Any links?
anybody know why Natty (11.04) comes with LibreOffice, but no Base for databases?
how to install hardware driver on backtrack
Lucid shows the package ubuntu-desktop with a lock symbol. What is the successor of the ubuntu-dektop package?
hi wer da der de kann
does anyone know anything about RAID?
do we install proprietary codecs on narwhal?
tem alguem que fale portugues aqui?
best way to partition  my hardisk, so that i can have my home partitioned installed even after installing new ubuntu
i the only one that thinks konqueror sucks?
slgma - I am using a widescreen monitor an Natty upgrade has made my  main drive unbootable -  is there a website or forum article showing how to fix?
ciao
!
Hey guys how do you find your Jump Drive in Backtrack?
1,How stable is beta 1 of oneiric?
s the best media manager in ubuntu?
cè qualcuno online al quale posso chiedere una cosa?
is there any curlpaste like script/aplication in Ubuntu rep?
can I use in ubuntu to check sfv file integrity?
I say "Gnome" like roam. Why do Americans say it thus: "Guh-noam"
Hey guys anyone got a thinkpad edge 11 and writes code using it? I wanted to know if the keyboard is comfy for prolong coding
 is there any application for cpu frequency scaling in the latest version of ubuntu? I have have some apps but they dont seem to work . I was looking for an application with which we can select the clock frequenccy or clock speed of processor(s) on the desktop. Can anybody comment?
is there anyway of seeing the packages that a tasksel will install without having to install them first?
Is there any consideration I need to take if I have a laptop that has two network conncetions.  And I want to connect from Network A, to this laptop? and I want all network stuff to go out Network B?
is the difference between LTS 10.4 and 11.04?
pls need help: "docky requires compositing to work pls enable compositing and restart docky"
всем привет=)
need a command to help me find out the device name of a USB connected webcam and LS is NOT what I need
I am running Ubuntu 10 LTS with Apache2 2.2.14 from the respository.  We would really like to upgrade to Apache 2.2.21 for security concerns.  Is there a package available somewhere that I could just apply?
How register
have a new netbook - loaded ubuntu all GREAT except ubuntu is not seeing the internal microphone, mic jack nor camera.  What am I missing here
how do I launch gnome-terminal with my home dir as working dir?
how do i dual boot windows
 how do I get help from this forum?
Hello, any Cubans living in the US there? I have a question... Anyone?
i have a puppy 431 with wi-fi access to the internet. i want to get an internet connection from this wi-fi puppy machine through LAN on ubuntu 11.04 machine (using console commands). can anyone help me, plz?
need recover a file. I am using photorec, but it seems doesnt recover rare extentions (si4, from scid). Any ideas?
How do I adjust the pulseaudio volume from the command line? In the main ubuntu distro a tool is included to adjust the volume above 100% but there is no such tool in xubuntu to my knowledge
how can i enter single user mode so i can fix my user groups? Right now i have no sudo abilities because my root group somehow got removed when i added myself to another group
 im using useradd -b /home/a/m amcs, the user is created, but the home dir of /home/a/m/amcs isnt created, can anyone tell me what im doing wrong
alguien habla=
Hi guys, do you know who is running ubuntu infrastructure?
older gtk2 themes work with gnome shell?
Anyone to keep track of expenses in Ubuntu?
hey, guys, when wayland display server will be available for ubuntu?
sabe como configurar el tactil de un panasonic toughbook cf 73 con xubuntu maverick??
is there anyway to install ubuntu without having to burn it to disk?
is tehre a simplistic way to check my gmail from terminal ?
gnome-panel is lost :( i tried deleting .gnome2 .gconf and .gconfd, logged out then logged in, but still no panel!
how do i install java it says it has no installation candidate
i need help how to hack ipod touch games
guys, I'm currently using Ubuntu 11.04 but I want to go back down to 10.10, I have a separate Home Partition... can I just keep the username and have all the settings import or would that cause incompatibility problems with config files and stuff?
You cannot enable wobbly windows in ubuntu 11.04 ?
is there a way to show all packages you've installed with aptitude?
hardy release = Ubuntu 8.04 LTS ?
does anyone know if you can move the close/minimize/maximize  to the right hand side in ubuntu v11?
hey folks, real noob question here, but i downloaded the latest version (64bit)  and have it running on my desktop.  i really dont like the layout or the feel of the gui is there a quick/easy way to revert it back to the older styles?
 Can anybody help with the audio quality in Ubuntu? I notice its not very good...
helo, How I can execute my script just for 5 minutes at 2.00 AM (2.00, 2.01, 2.02, 2.03, 2.04, .05) with cron ?
how to clean apt cache
anyone be available to help me with a mounting issue?
where do I find boot-repair in 11.04?
hi, how do I start mysql from ubuntu terminal?
it possible to download an installation image of ubuntu 64-bit version 11.04, but with the text-based installer? I can't find it on ubuntu.com, but maybe I'm just blind.
hi all, is it possible to install ubuntu and automatically add an entry for Ubuntu in windows 7 boot menu rather than installing grub on the MBR?
hello.. i need some assistance pleez
someone tell me the chanel of Xubuntu? Thanks a lot
is there a way to put full name of the current directory to command line? So to say, unfold the '.'
Hey all, anyone here with the switcharooo kernal module?
desktop has httpd.conf as empty, where can I edit this my apache settings?
by default, Tweetdeck wants to install into /Opt.  Is that really where I want it?
请问ubuntu中文的频道是哪个
have done mistake deleting my Desktop folder using rm -rf /home/smith/Desktop so now I want to recover that folder . please anyone can help me to recover tha because I had most important folders in my Desktop
how can i make an advanced search for files bigger than 1gb?
Hello, can anyone please help me!  I just upgraded to 11.04 and now my wifi has stopped working.
ubuntu 9.10, I did add-apt-repository ppa:nginx/stable , then apt-get update, then apt-get install nginx. instead of installing nginx1.0.1 from ppa it installs nginx0.7 from karmic... whats the issue?
can anyone help me with a dvd burning problem?
How to install java plugins in ubuntu 10.04 ?
a tutti
10,okay so how do i disable this awful unity stuff and just use regular gnome? on 11.10
How do I restore the menu in Ubuntu?   Currently I have a bar on the left hand side with Firefox, Libre Writer, Libre Calc, Ubuntu Software Center, Ubuntu One, etc.   If I want to open a program that is not on that menu, I have to hit the + button and choose from all possible programs.   I want to restore categories (i.e. my MuseScore program should be in the sound and video category, Libre + should be in the office category, and so forth)
all, I am running ubuntu 11.04 and am trying to edit etc/rc.local however it is saying that I am not the root user, how do I log in as a root user?
is G+ better than FB?
hey guys if a linux distro has only live(without) installation can u set it up on ur PC?
everyone. Can someone help me out? I've been following a python tutorial (trying to learn... It's complicated!) but my program won't work, it's my first attempt.
hey, how can i add myself (new users) to sudoers list?
How do I setup mac like gestures? I have two finger scroll woking, but no other gestures
there a way I can download all of my system's current packages that I have added on (say like vlc) so that I go to an apt-get /my/own/repository if I didn't have internet access
厄，这个怎么用
anyone know of any pleaces to buy c heap refurbished servers?
it be really weird if I decided to stay on 9.10 instead of upgrading to 10.04?
Hi all, can someone recommend a backup app/script/technique to backup my / partition from within the OS
Hi. The find command, can anyone help making one to remove all files found? :)
some chinese?
what tools where used to make linux mint debian ?
Can we get GNOME 3 for natty ?
guys, is there any/many people helping out in launchpad in here?
when i do a memmory test with the live cd doest it check the hdd, processor and ram, or have i got it all wrong?
I am hating banshee, any idea how to make i tunes podcasts work?
 just installed a fresh 10.10, but when i open update manager, it isnt giving me the option to upgrade to 11.04, could anyone please help?
please i have an important question ... do any one here knows how to add a warning to nautilus and anyother window likw gnome-termianl when it's running as root i seen than in some destros but i failed to find the hack how to do it
j'aimerais savoir certaine chose sur l'ataque man in the middle
help .. may i ask?
brak dzwięku w dell 620
Jemand da ? Some1 here?
anyone advise me on what packages I need to install on natty to get unpack200
can some help me with my networking problem
i need help encoding a video made in glc
anyone have the time to help with a boot loader question?
do the people in here like unity
ola tem brasileiro ai?
guys - im having a nickserv problem.. its no longer identifying my password
mplayer has just messed up my screen...its covered in speckles
Hello, i have a problem with my laptop and linux mint, i installed linux mint, everything is ok, but there is no sound, any ideas?
it possible to deactivate global menu in 11.04?
Hello is there an German channel for Ubuntu
Hi all. I have been using ubuntu 10.10 for almost 6 moths and now want to shift to KUbuntu....what you guys suggest for KDE?
want to access a USB hard disk from command line
can someone give me the link to backtrack channel
anyone here using rtorrent
gave his old hacker friends the L:P to the PSN master server after he got hired by sony? he only took the job from sony (as part of the master plan) to take down the PSN?
hi, how can i find out with apt/aptitude from which source a suggested package update is coming from?
hello, pls how do we install a package alongside with it's dependencies?
can't I use the command "unrar" on a file which ends in .r01 or .r02, and so on?
Hello all. I downloaded a game and got a compressed file with the files and folders shown at (http://paste.ubuntu.com/615512/). How do I create the executable from the makefile? TIA!
lang pl?
it possible to boot into Unity from a LiveUSB?
ALGUIEN SABE COMO PUEDO INSTALAR CANAIMA EDUCATIVO EN UBUNTU 10.04
hmm, how do I remove the launch bar in 11.04 to get back to 10.x interface ?
bugs,hi everyone - does anyone have an idea how to file a bug against a translation in launchpad?
does upstart in ubuntu 10.04 still honor /etc/rc.local?
Hey can anybody help me with an Ubuntu instalation problem I have?
is your favorite movie player on Ubuntu?
Gentlemen, if i'm going to create a new Partition on my HDD for Ubuntu, how should it be formatted? NTFS?
chat de xubuntu en español please que se me ha reiniciado el ordenador y no lo encuentro...
 I just installed Ubuntu 10.10, but it is not on the boot list; I think windows wiped grub. How can I fix it?
hi, is there any way to find out how a block device is formatted without installing fdisk? /sys/block/... doesn't seem to be a help here
hey guys. how to you give a group write access to a particular directory (using chmod?)?  i'm poring over google and the man page but i just can't work it out.
do I make grub2 boot me into a command line startup only?
Hey folks. I've got a Conexant modem, and I've installed the drivers as per http://is.gd/WyNa0h but gnome-ppp still says "No modem was found on your system." I'm on Maverick... any ideas?
im looking for (preferably free as in speech) websites where i could just copy the style (css etc) of it and apply it to my (free as well) project. anybody got an idea?
I get some help with upgrading Ubuntu?
Anyone want to help a newfag out?
Hi, How do I now what is my IP /eth1  inside of a LAN?
here? need some help
does the ubuntu CD (~700 MB) contain ALL the programs I can install via the Ubuntu Software Center to the point where I don't need internet access as long as I have the CD with me?
How do I reduce the temperatures of my cpu and laptop in general
 I am a Ubuntu newbie needing help with video settings under Xubuntu 11.04.  Would someone kindly help me?
como habro el unity? no me lo puede abrir, solo me abre el ubuntu clasico
k, so i finally got it working by name and not ip.. but now when i try to access it it says i dont have the rights to.. is anything wrong with this line?: //stora/MijnBestanden /media/stora smbfs user=****,pass=****     the stars are ofc replaced with the real username and pass..
use sshfs?  it seem nautilus can't delete non-empty directories inside a sshfs , rm -rf in cli works, but in nautilus "Removing Error: Opertion not permitted"~ any clue/ fix?
Which wireless pcmcia cards are compatible with ubuntu 10.10
is ntfs read/write fully stable and supported in ubuntu...notably 10.04 lts?
it common for flash to work fine on a windows box but then be unusable and chopped on the same machine on ubuntu?
I have ubuntu 11.04 installed and now i installed fedor 15 and grub2 curropted. i asked the #fedora folks and now they said me to re-install ubuntu's grub2. i do not have a cd/dvd drive. but have a bootable usb drive with ubuntu 11.04. can i use that live ubuntu to reinstall grub ? How to do that ?
hey is the ubuntu .iso burned to a cd or a dvd?
application name that makes cow talk in terminal? (Not apt-get easter egg)
can someone tell me how to setup su root access or point me to a tutorial ?
What's the command to determine the Ubuntu version?
server is down i have 3 users can able to connect how to check who switched off my server ?
Like individual mandate Obamacare, an agressive foreign policy, and the rest of Barack Obama's policies?  Are you nervous around Black people but still like Obama's policies?  Then vote for Mitt Romney, the White Barack Obama!
Is there a special channel for issues regarding upgrading from 10.10 to 11.04 (server)?
anyone know anything better for linux than ventrilo server? the 8 slot limit even in an open source environment is rediculous. any ideas? i tried teamspeak with ubuntu and rly didnt like it
running 10.04 desktop: how do i install a deb file from the commandline that also installs the dependancies?
hi,guys,i read a comment which said the ubuntu design team is using adobe suite to design ubuntu, does that mean ubuntu is designed under Windows/Mac
whats new in ubuntu 11.10 ?
What is the difference between /dev/sda and /dev/hda? Can a laptop's primary hard drive be /dev/sda?
any one have ubuntu server console localization experience?
 como te llamas?
question I have a ubuntu server at work that someone else setup before I got there I am trying to get access to it remotely for testing to be sure I don't have a router issue I have DMZed the server I can ssh to it on the local network but I can't from the public I have checked hosts.allow and deny and even added ALL: ALL to the allow file but I still can't get in can anyone give me and Idea as to what to look at next?
please help -- I Can't install 11.04 because of my b43 wifi card -- how can I install the driver directly to my liveusb so that it has what it needs to run the install ?
 how to reinstall grub2 on root fs please
español?
what command can i use to get the linux distro and version
 In Gentoo, I could select a specific package version to install by emerging package=version. Is there a way to specify which version of a package I want to install in Ubuntu? Specifically, packages.ubuntu.com lists the latest GCC as 4.5 for Natty, but 4.6 for Oneiric. I'd want to have 4.6 on Natty.
I just upgraded to Ubuntu 11.10 alpha 2 and tried to install gnome-shell so I could use the gnome 3 interface but it says that there are unmet dependencies and broken packages... what should I do?
hi, I can't boot windows 7 since I Reinstalled grub -- tried using windows 7 repair utility / command line tools / nothing seems to work .. can anyone help please? thanks!
anyone tell me how I can get adobe flash for firefox? Is there an add-on?
Hello. Does anyone know why \neq draws an equals sign instead of a not-equal sign on ubuntu in latex?
anus
arse
ballsack
balls
bastard
bitch
biatch
bloody
blowjob
coon
crap
dyke
fag
feck
fudgepacker
fudge packer
flange
Goddamn
God damn
hell
homo
jerk
jizz
tosser
turd
twat
vagina
wank
whore
wtf
Xxx
nude
naked
vagina
hole
wet
gaand
phaad
phad
chut
cht
ass
pusy
lick
milk
milky
chikni
horny
sex
sx
juicy
lund
londiya
breasts
chooch
chhati
panty
bra
chaddi
underwear
bikini
nipple
ungli
rand
call
girl
Sex Toy
Penis Ring
Butt plug
G-Spot vibrator
Sex doll
P-Spot Vibrator
Dildo
Sex Robot
Masturebator
Prolonger Gel
Penis Pump
Breast Enhancer
Role Play
Roleplay
Crotchless
Orgasm
Oral Sex
G Spot
Gspot
Arousal
Asshole
Bastard
Douchebag
Maderchod
Madarchod
Betichod
Chutiya
Gaandu
Bakland
Lauda
Randi
Bhonsri
Bhadwe
Bhadwa
Lavde
Mootna
Chusnawali
Chusnawala
Loda
Lawda
Lavda
Ghasti
Ghassad
Thokna
Mutthal
Chooche
Parichod
Randhwa
Bhosda
Tatte Masalna
Phudi
Bahenchod
Bhosdaa
Bhosdi Ka
Bhosdi
Bund
Boor Pussy
Hips
Fucker
anyone use a CAC?
me, can someone please tell me the channel to the C++ programming discussion?
if i want to install LAMP on ubuntu and i apt-get install apache2 php5 mysql phpmyadmin do i also need to get GD separately and things like that?
I need help getting Grub2 fixed. I had Windows 7 installed with two 500 Gig drives. I shrunk the NTFS partition on one of the drives and installed Ubuntu 11.04 there. Somehow I managed to hose the Window's bootloader in the process, but could boot to Ubuntu fine. I finally sat down to try and get the dual boot working last night, fixed the Windows bootloader, but hosed Grub2. I'm on the Ubuntu 10.10 LiveCD now.
you dance jumpstyle??
hi, i have instaled 3 packages (libsdl1.2-dev, zlib1g and zlib1g-dev), after restart my ubuntu sheme changed and Appearance is missing from System->Preferences... this is a nightmare, how to get it back? gnome-control-center is installed
привет народ
someone recommend server software which can stream videos through web, not media tomb
Hello everyone!  i have an Acer 5552 but it shuts down by itself quite often.  This happened two to three times when watching a movie!  It is very frustrating!  Can somebody help me please?
i have ubuntu 11.04 but today i installed window 7, after installation when i  booted my PC then window automatically booted without showing ubuntu operating system ,when i checked properties of window it show only single  i.e window 7 OS available in my PC how can i get my thats screen which show all operating system name through which i can boot any OS?
guys sorry I have a problem with Wine I can not do from a game is called Army Men RTS if I click the icon. exe seems to start the game, the screen goes black for a few seconds but then comes back and goes to the desk and a window with wrote: "Pandemonic Studios: Error" What can I do? can anyone help me?
Is there a way to tell apt-get install to forcefully reinstall a package?  i.e. it currently detects that it's already installed, and I want to reinstall it
what do you guys prefer, chromium or google chrome?
guys, just wondering what are the chances of me getting exchange going on evolution.... all the forum posts im bringing up are from 2007
hello, can someone point me in the right direction to install apt-get on redhat 4.1.2
how do i restart my system logger?
, alguien español
Hey, is anyone willing to help me out with a grub installation issue? :)
what's the freenode channel for misc topics?
guys, I'm trying to install a gedit plugin, and since I didn't have a ~/.local/share/gedit/plugins path, I made it in terminal, but it doesn't show up in Dolphin. What can I do? (Kubuntu 10.10 user btw)
Is it possible to take internet from wireless connection (on Ubuntu pc) and share the connection with other old pc with wired connection?
okwhere does a ppa go when i do add-apt-repository ? and also how can i remove one
italina?
What is the function of my empty Natty directory /tmp/virtual-<username><6-digit_random_ID>?
how should i upgrade to natty server from karmic server?>
have a network share in Windows 7 that I connect to simply via "\\name". To connect to it in Ubuntu I input simply "name" into the "Server" field of the "Connect to server" dialog box, right?
I have a program running which I opened using the terminal (without "&"). How do I deattach this process so that I can close the terminal without the program closing?
10,hello..i am using onecelot and the latest upgrade removed the unity and only gnome 3 is there but its saying a msg it cant be loaded..what to do ?
haq,Is there a way to get legacy looking scrollbars back in ambiance?
dobry dzień Hottie
How to repair mbr of ubuntu1104 ? I can not find /boot/grub/stage2 in ubuntu 1104 . thx
all...  How much space do I need for the casper-rw to do persistent Ubuntu from USB?
como que eu abro um file  psd no buntu 10.04 ?
Hey guys, i accidentally overwrote Alsa/pulseaudio by installing ossv4.  Can someone tell me how to reinstall alsa/pulseaudio?
 is gnome 3 available in ubuntu 11.04? i mean i saw tutos and ppas, but from april. what s the standard procedure installation today, and can we have it in a 11.04 system without messing the unity one? (a gdm with 2 choices for instance?)
:( who have installed live messenger with wine?
чего?
use postfix whore
I had a over heating with my Dell Studio 1557 laptop (with ATI Radeon 4500 HD) using Ubuntu 11.04, anyone can help to resolve it?
I have a flash drive (USB stick) with the .iso on it.  I need to create a bootable flash drive _without using the GUI_ (my mouse is dead.)
just updated /etc/hostname. How do I get the system to reflect the new value?
who can help me?
Hi, Im having trouble configuring comcast wireless with mint 11, anyone want to help?
do i get the broadcom driver to work in ubuntu?
can anyone please tell me a good application to record the screen with audio. I am using Ubuntu 11.04. I have tried xvidcap but the audio is not working
how do I prevent ubuntu from ugrading my kernel unless I compile it myself?
pode me ajudar a fazer com que meu windows 7 volte e funcionar ?
looking for anyone having experience with LibreOffice under Lubuntu, any takers?
I am looking for website data extraction tool in linux anybody know of ant packages!
 just installed. how to swith off unity? want classic gnome
i can't get my sound to work
hello all im having an ishue with kvm virtualization in a ubuntu server install - failed to start domain - internal error process exited while connection to monitor: kvm : - drive - could not open disk image - i was thinking it was a permissions ishue so i chmod to 7777 both file and location to no avail - my linux skills are limited at best
tsching,ich bräuchte Hilfe bezügöich Xubuntu.... *umher gugg*
is there a build of oneiric (sorry if misspelled) we can download
is there a way to run a command such that it thinks a directory in my home directory is the root of the filesystem?
a desktop (personal) use, Most people separate their /home as a different partition, so when/if they need to reinstall they can do it without back and recovering their data ?
hi there, is there a key to press during boot to enter the grub settings? i need to change some kernel parameter, because the backlight does not work with the newest kernel on some acer laptops
I"m having poor performance with my Atheros AR5001 network card in linux mint.  It works much better in Windows.  Any suggestions?
there any way to NOT show people joining/leaving from the chat room while using Empathy as my client ? Is it implemented and should i RTFM ? Because i can not find it.
i have a tiny ubuntu installation and i want arabic text to work.. i want to be able to read txt files written in arabic. how can i do that?
do you think canonical could give me CD's that I could distribute through t my town?
guys, do you think the ATI Mobility Radeon X1400 will be enough for hd video?
hi to all! i just upgraded to 11.04, where i can find the normal/basic/advanced compiz graphics effects?
Does unity work w/o 3D accell ?
it possible to install to a hard disk smaller than 4.4gb using the alternate 11.04 installer?
hey guys anyone on linux using HDMI out for sound?
C'est bon si je vais sur le site de ma carte pour rechercher un pilote libre ?
have a bit of a problem with WinFF in Ubuntu, It gives me this error when converting things into mp3: Unknown encoder 'libmp3lame'
is there a way of disabling desktop fanciness? i like it and all, but it makes my laptop barely function if i have too much stuff open :(
How to open files in ubuntu server with root?
all, trying to get xen installed on  natty amd64 - apparently there is no libc6-xen pacakge for amd64 - how do I work around this ?
when i use cp -R to copy a directory the ownership and permissions are not identical, how can I make a copy which is ? :)
i have a file with several comma seperated words...how to replace commans with newlines?
there. My MBR was overwritten and now I can't boot my Ubuntu anymore. I was wondering how could I make GRUB write the MBR properly again if I had access to my partition and did chroot /mnt/mypartitionmounted. ??
is the laptop mode tools stil conflict with pm-ulitus?
how do I enable beta mode for 11.04?
there guide on how to use a firestarter??
I'm dual booting ubuntu and win7.  If I mount the windows partition under ubuntu and delete some files will windows know that those files have been deleted when it boots next time, or will the OS not recognize that the files were deleted and still reserve space on disk for them
Que onda
iam using ubuntu server 10.10 and need some assistance on troubleshooting my mail server it has suddenly stopped sending and recieving mail
Can someone tell if ssh-id-copy needs to be run in an already connected ssh terminal to the server? or the client terminal?
Hi, I have what I think is a very basic question that I'm astonished I don't know and can't find the answer to. I have a file that is owned by user X and group Y with permissions rwxrwx---. If user B is also a member of group Y, shouldn't she be able to change the permissions of the file?
we are discussing firewalls...is there a log file viewer or a ufw interface that shows scanning from outside ips?
hello, minha primeira vez aqui alguem pode me dar uma ajuda
i guess what im asking is how can i edit filesystem.squashfs to customize some configueation files within a live cd?
would happen if i installed a package with apt-get for an older release of ubuntu than what i have? https://launchpad.net/~slicer/+archive/ppa only has packages up to maverick and i'm running natty
what is the best way to make 'ls |less' show colors?
DasEi: I am getting closer to getting my old ati rage card to work - got the right driver loaded now:  r128, but still getting no screens found error
do i edit compiz setting in ubuntu 11.04
шозанах?
How do i run stuff as root?
joined a channel , and  why "cannot send to channel"??
i am using ubuntu 10.04 how would i set it so i would boot into terminal not booting into desktop (GUI)
cn any body help me
 somebody got an idea how to close a programm wich doesn't react? strg + F4 and alt + F4 i already tryed..
Hello, in Gkrellm, How do I know Wich temp is from the North Bridge and South Bridge? I can only see them as temp1, temp2, temp3
can i use photoshop on ubuntu?
spanish pls
why does this: for a in *.xml; do xmllint [options] $a >> output.txt; done not write to output.txt ???
gastaria quem alguem me ajudasse
how do I do upgrade please in linux mint 10
italiani? :)
Hi is there any channel for openoffice help????
haq,guys, is there a way to retreive a video in a web page?
Mozilla Firefox shows a gray box on YouTube where the videos should be; the rest of the page loads fine. Opera and Chromium work perfectly, though. It's just Firefox (the latest stable)
comment on peut modéliser le kernel de linux en UML2
 hay alguien por aquí que haya instalado Skype en Xubuntu 10.04?
I wanna run my ubuntu box in text mode by default
mhhh.. is there someone please that can help me out.. on /nickserv and recovering password ?
is the best / easiest way to sync my windows and ubuntu desktop folders on the same machine
hi guys, is there any channel available for gimp support?
I need some help. Anyone?
to upgrade from 10.04 to 11.04??
is back|track an alternative to ubuntu or can it be implemented within it??
lost my grub now in live cd
# is the Ubuntu italian?
hello how can i upgrade to the latest 11.04\
My chrome browser says preferences couldn't be saved every time it starts.. any solution?
 how do we install Ubutnu on a flash if we r usign some other linux distro?
--Hello ^^   I am trying to access my AdobeFlashSettings by right clicking on browser, however SETTINGS is greyed out, ive played with my flash plugins, i cant seem to get it to work..
Piss off mother’S ass
my screen windows are named like "22985.pts-7.hostname", is there a way to rename them once they are created?
came up with this next Ubuntu Distro name Dreamy Eight... Wow ... are there any fly dragoons around... lol
does ubuntu suport intel 64-bit?
can i revert a "sudo rm -r <folder>"???
of curiosity, how well do games run in virtualbox with windows installed on ubuntu?
Hi how do i install sun java?
I'm trying to run a game on Wine (RIFT) and it says I need to update my drivers directly rendered on the video output in the game, the screen is all messed up with that test on it. Does Ubuntu have the latest version/
want to change the permissions of my USB Pendrive... I tried chmod.. it failed and got message : changing permissions of Read-only file system . Could someone tell me how can I change my USB Pendrive filesystem's permissions..
how can I search an entire folder and subfolders for a specific occurence in a file???
is there a way i can disable unity?
could somebody confirm what the real md5sum is for natty-desktop-i386.iso
So, I'm new to ubuntu. Any essentials?
one question : is it possible to install natty from lucid's live CD?
giorno
Can anyone give me a line that i can use in terminal to: delete all .nfo files inside /mnt/disk3 ? and only nfo files..
Just wondering why the software centre shows all this installed software but a menu search doesn't find it on the computer??
any body help me to restore boot??? My ubuntu is not starting at all!!!!!!!!
Hello, I have a bash simple command Q - When I am in a directory, how do I duplicate a file in a different name?
10,Hi I just upgraded to oneiric and the update failed due to bug #836798, after manually updating at-spi2-core and python-pyatspi2 the update manager oneiric always crashes :-(
gente cosa fatte
chi mi più aiutare con trixbox?
请问KVM中如何做到VMWARE的快照功能呢？
t it $HOME/.Trash ?
I've a template for a website that i want to make RTL. Would you do it for money? do you know where can i find a freelance?
I want to report a bug with the new-style 11.04 scrollbars; what package should it be linked to?
habla español
can anyone help me how to install frostwire in ubuntu 10.04?
does libre office keep a log of the actions made to a document?
here is French and can help me in a prvmsg?
hey guys, i'm trying to grep a line out of my lm-sensors output. I want the cpu temp line that begins with 'temp1:' but there is anothe line that also begines with 'temp1:'. How do i grep one but not the other? Google is not being helpful
I've got a question about PPAs. How exactly do they differ from standard repos? I realize that they're unsupported but I don't see the difference between, say, the Linux Tweak PPA and the Debian Multimedia repo.
is the default log deamon in natty ?
#brasil
Hi, how can I add a script to services ? so that I can use it as $: sudo service SCRIPT-NAME PARAMS ?
i install ubuntu over my current windows just by running the installer?
is there a way to post install windows on a ubuntu based box without loosing ubuntu?
i got problems installing backtrack 5, i get the blackscreen, i red every and each toturial on the internet but cant fix it.. please HELP!!
Nottinghill DVD won't play in Ubuntu, I don't know if a codec is missing?
is jemand wach der mir bei nem firefox-problem helfen kann?
ist jemand da der sich mit dem netzwerk auskennt ?
.. i just received the mail that Oneiric beta 1 is out but i don't see the server version on http://releases.ubuntu.com/oneiric/
I've just named 11.04 the Windows ME of Ubuntu! *confetti* *trolololol*
is this the correct place to ask about hardware?
idea where can I get a Dapper dstat package? The links at http://packages.ubuntu.com/dapper/all/dstat/download are all giving me a 404
is it possible make my swap partition load into ram when i boot
any possibility of Office 2010 VISIO working in wine?
installing my ubuntu 11.04, I saw that it doesn't have an option to Hibernate, when I did some googling, it sound like the OS came with Hibernate b4. even my friend who uses the same machine am using have a Hibernate option. my question is how do I add Hibernate to my OS?
Why does banshee keeps crashing?
Problem with USB flash drive. It worked on Ubuntu. Now the drive is still recognized but the file system is not. (The disk utility reports it as "not partitioned.") I had this happen to me before, with another flash drive, and formatting it somehow bricked the drive.) Advice?
all. I've been using FileZilla for years, and it was always very stable, but last year things are degrading and it hangs a lot. I'm really dependant on my FTP-client, so I need it to 'just work'. Are there any alternatives for FileZilla that come close to its functionality but run very stable? Much thanks for any answer.
is it possible to install the old user interface on the latest ubuntu?
Can I run `sudo ufw enable` without getting a prompt about it interrupting ssh connections?
installing ubuntu (wabu) i thought it would be smart to change my win7 boot option to just load to ubuntu partition, and now theres no way for me to get back in to windows... please help ?
can any1 help me
I have a computer on 11.04 that randomly freezes - when this happens while playing a movie it loops the last 1-2 secs of sound. I cannot move mouse or give any commands using a keyboard - computer is totally dead and I can only turn it off by holding the power button. It is using unity and has nvidia - and I did try upgrading to a newer kernel (39) but same problem
running /etc/init.d/networking restart i get "stop: Unknown instance:" is this normal?
Ok, I finally installed a old 2nd hard drive...do i need to reformat it.. (.it has win xp on it ) before I install ubuntu on it
Hello. Can anyone give me an URL to an Ubuntu 11.04 32bit live CD image?
 I have a Dell Vostro 1000. How can I enable wireless? I'm running 11.04 64bit
can u ask how can i install backtrack programs in ubuntu?
hi all at first sorry for my english im not good in english  , anyone here can help me with my linux error i have 2 operating system win7 and ubuntu 10.10 or something like that i dont remember i update that , i played game in my win7 and my computer bring me error and when i Boobs
Cock
want to restart it , it bring me a error GRUB RESCUE now i want to go to my win7 to take out from there some files that i need please anyone help me with that
11今天已经发布最新版本Build 11.0.696.71，Windows、Mac、Linux三大平台用户均可到Chrome官方下载页面获取新版本，
how do I identify myself with services?
anyone using MINT?  I have questions
can i have my ubuntu with customize package on usb Flash?
How do I know that I have a SMP Kernel Installed????
Hi, I'm currently running 10.10, and the default install of Vim is version 7.2 - how do I get Vim 7.3 (which is the default for Ubuntu 11.04) without upgrading Ubuntu?
anyone help with a wifi problem? If nobody can, I'll just do a fresh install...
hello, I have a question, can I upgrade any debian based distro simply by changing /etc/apt/sources.list (as shown here http://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/apt-get-upgrade-debian-lenny-5-to-debian-6-squeeze/ )?
hello , please tell me where i can to take a consultation in russian?
of channels
hello, sameone speak Portuguese ?
hallo ich suche ein programm, wo ich z.B töne von z.B Video (usw) downloaden kann und in MP3 umwandeln kann dazu müsste ich diese töne auch schneiden  also bearbeiten können kennt jemand ein gutes einfaches Prpgramm dafür?
can I install the flash plugin?
do you people know a good Ubuntu Tutorial for Noobs from A to Z?
How do I can edit /etc/fstab to add my other partitions to mount at startup ?
would say Chinese?
Is there some program can compress video ? I have a lot of videos. almost no disk space for store files.
guys is there an issue while connecting to freenode via TOR and sasl?
just tried the Ubuntu Live CD in a new computer because I wanted to see what hardware is detected. All I get is a dumbed-down interface with no CLU access. searching for "bash" or sh" with dash reveals nothing. Nevermind: searching for "terminal" worked.
Hi! I've a 8GB usb drive which I wish to format as ext2/4 and install Ubuntu in it? Can anyone guide me on that?
stoopid question... i have ubuntu partitioned on 20gb of my harddrive booting alongside win7. how do i uninstall ubuntu and the bootloader and get those 20gb back?
 df gives me "1k blocks 1834180, used 1656092, available 84916". Where are my remaining 93172 blocks / how can i find out?
xbmc library mode anyone?
necesito ayuda con capturadora
the number of packages in a debian repo equal to the number of packges in ubuntu repo ?
Does anyone have the example loan amortization tables that came with ubuntu 7.04?
hi guys, I had Ubuntu installed on my PC, and now I installed Windows XP (they are on different partitions), but now it just boots XP, i mean, GRUB does not appear so I can choose where to boot from. Can someone please help me out with this? :D
Sucker
Hooker
Masturbate
Penis
Tits
Muthi
do i get access to root??
can I make the 11.04 desktop look like the old style?
how we can register our nick for freenode server use
all, is it normal that my ubuntu 10.04 do not use the bottom bar to put open windows? i need to alt+tab to see the opened windows
I have a support question
"if you dont know vi, you dnt know linux" this is a comment given to me when asked about "vi editor". i am using linux more than a year but didnt use vi bcos i felt its difficult. is there any guide to get started with "vi editor" or any instructions?
aqui é do Brasil?
hi can anybody suggest a good GTK based webcam viewer for my laptop?
can we paste stuff here
question: what's the package for the OpenGL dev libraries?
can i boot an ISO without burning it?
des francais ici ?!!!
 ubuntu br
how do i turn off x server??
how do you manually set the gateway address for ethX
 I am so hating unity.
how can i register in C++ programing channel?
vous savez si c est possible d'envoyer en boucle un $_post a une page avec un contenu random dans les valeurs ?
 help me please
Is there a que system for asking for help? (or just wait? lol)
anyone knows how to take a screenshot of an application ?
11.04, what is the name of the system app that displays the evolution icon, time and date, power button, etc on the taskbar? I am unsure why, but it seems to be uninstalled.
anybody want to help me with what i'm sure is a dumb question about downloading pdfs? I can open ones already on my computer fine, but I can't click a browser link and download them from anywhere. instead, I get an error message about the source file being unreadable.
How to update my Gnome in Ubuntu LTS to Gnome 3 ?
oneiric beta 2 released?
I had an accident and I think I deleted my files with a rm -r command. I don't see the files in trash, is there a way to recover?
im trying to play a dvd and movie player keeps saying "Could not read DVD. This may be because the DVD is encrypted and a DVD decryption library is not installed."
really really need help with my ati card.....
Hola, Por favor necesito ayuda, no logro configurar el sonido de mi PVR-TV 305U (usb para TV)
How do I add new entries to grub? /boot/grub/menu.1st isn't there
many commands you use the double-dash symbol -- ...I would like to read more about it but I can't find where to read about it. The reason is I don't understand why it's used.
I used to do zypper wp (what provides) in openSUSE ..... How to do that in aptitude ?
Having issues installing the right drivers for my Brother MFC-J265W printer. Any help more than welcome
it possible to copy an ubuntu binary fe telnet to another distribution and the binary works?
hi all. just updated to 11.04. Big question: how do I revert to the classical window manager? I'm not used to the shiny new compiz interface, and I really want back the old one. thanks
Can Ubuntu's unity be replaced with gnome3, if so, then how?
i ask a question?
Alguien que hable español ?
if ubuntu doesn't allow major version upgrades (eg:. firefox 3 by default on 10.10), how does it plan to keep up if timeboxed updates become the norm for most programs?
it possible to set up my linux computer as a Access Point?
How do I reinstall GRUB2?
anyone can help ?
i am noob, where is the ubuntu channel in spanish?
How hot is too hot for a laptop CPU? I just ran acpi -V and saw my CPU was running at 82 degrees C...
Is it possible to install and run call of duty 4 modern warfare 2 on ubuntu?
всем руссикие есть?
How to upgrade libglib version ?
Is it easy to install and/or run GNOME Classic (Gnome 2.x) in Ubuntu 11.04 (as in not Unity or GNOME 3)?
Hi guys.. I'm testing 11.10 I didn't install via CD, I did an upgrade using update manager. I get this error when I try to reload packages and dependencies.. How can I rectify this?
I've just installed new ubuntu 11.04, and I do not like it's GUI... I'd like to come back to general GNOME... how do I switch it ?
im having a real pebkac moment ... and really hating how my thumb grazes the touchpad as im typing .. im wondering if there is any software for ubuntu that happens to be able to effectively decipher what are actual touches and directions with the mouse pad .. from the random finger and palm grazes while typing
s the b43 wireless drivers link?
Which is a good internet browser, "Firefox" of "Google Crome"?
once I've sudo su 'd in terminal, how do I get out of root? (without shutting terminal)
habla español?
does anyone know how to compile code? trying to put together an open source game
Natty making a good impression on my 2nd machine here..  contemplating putting it on my main machine as 2nd OS (together w/ an existing Linux distro)..  BUT: for that I'd need to either install Natty w/ legacy Grub (0.97) or be able to set up Grub2 such that it chainloads the other Linux..  is that possible?
there anyway to install nvidia driver easily ?
how do I get newer versions of packages than in the official package repos?
hi...how can I install Libre office on 10.10 ?
mal eine frage zwecks public_html
I have Ubuntu 11.04 installed. Is there an easy way to install the packages I need to try out Xubuntu to see if I like it?
what does backtrack 5R1 KDE uses for sound? alsa, pulse, oss ?
wanna setup a hobby server for me. i use lampp, but only sudo can access the /var/www folder. in gui i cant use sudo, how can i fix it?
ANy of you guys play Guild Wars?
Is there any way to get graphics acceleration (DirectX, OpenGL etc) working in a virtual machine under Ubuntu?
guys can i ask a support question here?
Anyone here have experience with gnome+xmonad on natty?
can i upgrade from my netbook remix to either XFCE or KDE?
added my user to /etc/sudoers with the NOPASSWD: ALL directive and it's still asking for my password one time when i type sudo, how can i have it not ask for a password at all?
i've just managed to switch off my graphics card using an acpi call, but now my fan is running full speed, how do i fix that? (asus laptop, nvidia gt 540m)
Folks are there plans to ship 2.6.39 with transparent_hugepage enabled?
intgrated ubuntu and apple airplay with itunes on Mac os X?
Come mai ubuntu non mi installa i tunes?
any one install gnome shell on ubuntu ?
know a thing or two about partition tables?
I want report a bug for do-release-upgrade program, but I'm unable to find his package to report with ubuntu-bug. In what package this file is?
i want to install java sdk in ubuntu? how will i install it?
here that are good at configuring a mouse?
just installed xubuntu.what should I install to play dvds?
are the ## chans the registered ones?
does this do? sudo iwconfig wlan0 rate 11M
Hello. I am trying to setup the Mail notification app in Ubuntu 11.04 64bits. I want to add a Hotmail account, but there is no such an option, there is a POP3 option -I read that hotmail has some POP3 features-, so, I want to know what server is Hotmail, it asks me for a server name, How do I found out what server is hotmail or Yahoo and Gmail?
what else can I do if "dd" cannot copy a DVD to an iso image file?
use ubuntu 11.04 how can i do disable animation effects?
does anyone know an archive tool for linux that will create an archive and then apply a password to it in .zip format???
how do you turn on classic mode in ubuntu 11.04
do i play encrypted dvds in ubuntu?
Can ubuntu run on a pc with 64 mb of ram and a 600 mhz celeron processor?
hey guys, when someone was helping me setup this machine they disabled eth1 for some reason or another and i don't know how to set it up again, could you please help?
do I load the loop module so that I can mount ISO files?
how to make custom .ISO file of ubuntu
any brasilian channel here? i'm new on this...
people. can someone tell me how to join multiple channels of a server on Xchat-gnome client
Is there a visual indicator for changing display brightness on a notebook (with function keys) like when changing volume?
cual es el server de lubuntu o ubuntu en español?
s a recommended virus scanner? I want to scan my C:\ using ubuntu on my flash drive.
anyone can help me with file permissions?
Is there a canonical (pun intended) way to install a command by pathame on the command line of Ubuntu? In Fedora, for example, I would do 'yum install /user/bin/telnet'.
there anybody from Russia or ukraine?
Hello, may I add more space to the partition for my Ubuntu. I made a dualboot on my pc XP / Ubuntu. i don't want to reformat.
hello, what's the ubuntu channel in Spanish?
ich conky in der rc.local starten lasse, dann startet er zwar aber ich seh conky nicht, nur wenn ich top ins terminal mach dann seh ich das conky läuft ... woran kann das liegen ?
what do you think is the best distro for gnome 3?
anyone has had issures with HDMI audio on 11.04 cuz im having issures getting audio threw HDMI (running mint 11 but uses ubuntu sources)
familiar with the start up disk creator on ubuntu?
ciao atutti
Hi..how does the kernel line in grub menu looks ?? any idea ?
to register my nickname?
hi, how do I change the folder in which http://localhost/ goes? I'm running apache2.
Does anyone know if Gimp has a IRC space for support?
backup,Hello. What software do you use to make bare-metal-restore backups of you machines/servers? Thanks
大家好 菜鸟报道
hello, where can I find info on how to restore grub? I am running from a live-cd and I need to fix the boot loader...
again. I have a problem. I dont have any volume. ( i install and uninstall some programs) how can i get sound back. also i dont have the volume button on my panel, any help please
spanish????
oie alguém ae no brasil o de portugal ou da espanha?/
ubuntu have anything like SUSE Studio?
I heard that the number of Ubuntu users is decreasing since Naty, is that true ?
is it possible to install a 686 version of the kernel? I see these refs to install this version but I don't see it synaptic.  I just see x86 and pae.
is the python executable located?
Sorry but I'm French and I don't understand. Do you know a french canal?
where can I see a partition's guid?
anyone help get my sound back on in Lucid?  Be my hero!
TODOS HABLAN INGLE SPOR LO QUE VEO
hola, existe algun soft para poder organizar tus documentos por tag y asi poderlos encontrar mas rapido
que hable español?
hey you guys...something wierd just happened...i walked up to my laptop (ubuntu 10.04 lts) and i just clicked on one of my open terminals and then the gnome panel just changed into what i can best describe as something resembling a windows 98 panel...wtf is that about?
Is anyone using 11.10 yet?
is the function of /etc/init directory/
jakie są potrzebne biblioteki do kompilacji
russia ?
I need anti virus software on Ubuntu?
Has anyone run into 'nginx-full depends on nginx-common' during package updates with WebMin?
hi anyone recomend of getting gnome 3
I right click on a USB stick on the Ubunut desktop, I have options that say "Eject" as well as "Safely Remove Drive". Does it matter which one I use?
were are desktop effects in ubuntu 11.04
how do i install coddecs pack?
in ita
I hate Ubuntu Debian packages. I can't install packages to fix my wireless because I have to be online to complete the install. what's the point?
Whats the off topic channel?
 I'm able to get into failsafe graphics mode on 11.04 in recovery mode, but the startup hangs after enabling binfmt-support.  I still can access a CLI login, but X won't run.  I have an NVIDIA Geforce4 TI 4200.  What should I try next?
Sorry for off topic question:  Do any of you cycle to work?
I'm currently running Ubuntu 10.10. I presume its not supported anymore. Is that correct?
 i'd like to do a minimal install (debian netinstall-style), whith full disk encryption, which ubuntu iso should i get ?
Is there anyone here who actually knows something about Linux?
fedora channel is full of rude dorks - official
ubuntu user icon is a flower, how can I change it, I see no option in user and groups
cmd to see hardware speccs?
how do I change the number of virtual desktops in 11.04?
there a replacement to the "amptitude" command? (ie.. sudo aptitude install xxx)
sound card is not working in ubuntu how can i fix. is there a command line?
i am on karmic koala (9.10) do i have to upgrade to 10.04?
switched from twinview to separate X screens in my nvidia settings and now gnome shell (using a ppa on 11.04) errors out each time I log in. I can only assume the ppa is just acting up with it?
I need some help in a C error. I have a piece of code (that I can post here) that is executed several times with no problem. However, sometimes it gives the following error "malloc(): memory corruption:" and I can't understand why it works sometimes and others it just exit with that error
can someone please recommend the best channel to help with a gameserver profiling problem?
all.. is it possible to setup Natty as a unix/windows sharing box?
If a computer supports up to10Mbps ethernet and supports wireless G, what is the computer's max internet speed? (in theory)
hey all, how can set my ubuntu 11.04 to classic mode ?
with ubuntu on macbook??
is linux kernel  3 available under Ubuntu yet ?
so i feel like a total n00b for asking this, but... somehow i just double clicked and lost all the titlebars for all my windows... how do i get them back?
Guys, what would be the best channel to discuss embedded linux related topics? Cheers :)
alguien que hable español?
i need help from someone who knows a lot about ubuntu 11.04
I love Ubuntu hate Unity ... where do I protest to avoid this road to hell
Would anyone like to try out my program?
Can I go straight from Maverick to Oneiric, and if so how?
some one please help me with folder permissions so Banshee can play my music library, my library is imported in Banshee but it won't play due to folder permissions
i have a lill problem here i just installed ubuntu and i have a Presonus Firestudio Project soundcard i want to use, but it dosent seem to work out of the box, im kinda new to linux, can anyone help me ?
when dpkg checks to see if a pkgs dependencies are satisfied, does it look at the names of installed packages, what those packages say they provide, or both?
to have a text mode installation ???
is there anyway to know which ftp my server is using?
have there been any package updates in natty since the release?
know this isn't the right IRC for it, but does anyone know how to install TOR on backtrack 5?
any reason why ubuntu 10.04 still has dovecot 1.2.9 intead of the 2.x version ?
does the ubuntu-11.04-alternate come with gnome as well?
ubuntu do not try to do more light desktop?
Hey, how can I tell if a specific piece of hardware has Linux drivers?
I got stutter and bad quality when rendering x264 movies using kdenlive 0.8... so, I uninstalled pulseaudio.. and have no sound
dopo aver scaricato aggiornamento non mi funziona piu' firefox come posso fare?
is they a keyboard shortcut to open terminal in ubuntu 11.04 unity ?
Hi. Does anyone know an Tutorial how to set up an complete Ubuntu Webserver with FTP, SSH, Apache, PHP, MySQL, php-packages, Email, Backup, and much more?
there. I was just wondering. Is there a way to send sms from ubuntu via bluetooth and android phone? I had no problems with symbian. What prgoram do I have to install to send sms from ubuntu and android via bluetooth?
anyone know how to make a cd with mp3 in it so it plays on a cd player?
is there any easy way to install LAMP
many computers all over the world are now running ubuntu
Maybe a silly question, but where do I register my nick?
is there an AIO dvd iso for 11.04 or something?
  ineed help to install vlc in bactrack
Can someone helpme?
hello i was installed ubuntu 10.10 then i did upgrade to 11.04 and i installed windows and my boot disapeared how can i restore my boot loader to show linux and windows instlation
I'm using a Gnome 3 PPA, can I install Xubuntu-Desktop or will XFCE for some reason tank with me having Gnome 3 installed?
Ugh, me being near regular here shames me... Either way, just installed 64-bit Ubuntu, and the swap partition is in /dev/sda7... but it looks like for whatever reason Ubuntu can't use it o_o; (there's some warning when Ubuntu boots) Any idea why this could be?
what's the name of those icons that appears my status on social networks and a little letter that show some messages??? because i've deleted and i'd like to put it again on my bar
missing fullscreen controller for vlc too?
QUESTION:how to stop the ubuntuone-syncdaemon process, because i don't need that as i have poor internet connection and it eats like 25 mb of ram,
how to I make ubuntu text-based? (don't start up splash screen, don't run X, don't run gdm)
am installing a guest OS in my virtualbox.. is there a way to record it and then replay the session ?
sometimes, about 1-2 times a day, my system (mint 11) just freezes for no apparent reason, leaving me only to reset the damn thing - what could cause that?
if you remove the ram and it makes 1 short beep and 1 long beep does that mean something wrong????
am running ubuntu 10.04 and i already changed on my repositories to receive normal versions update but i dont get any info to upgrade to ubuntu 10.10...any thing else i need to do that i dont know?
hola a todos, alguien en español Analconda?
My mom tried to install walmart's picture upload software on her ubuntu machine and it screwed something up - anyone have any idea on what could have happened?
can i get add_apt_repository in 11.04 server. have tried installing python-sofware-properties, doesn't like that either? thanks
HELP, what alternatives with UBUNTU, really I tried to use the unity stuff, but is UNUSABLE, is there any last distribution that could be good as Ubuntu ?
hi making a cd for someone to use for virus cleaning windows machines, installing clamav and depends and also nauilus-clamscan, anything else  someone could reccomend plz
is the beta channel?
if i want to play all streaming format audio /video what code should i get for ubuntu ?
hi this is not for ubuntu right?: # yum install scala.noarch
!!!!  Ubuntu sux!!  Winblows sux worse!!!   All computers are blackholes where all logic and ease of use gets sucked into nothingness!!!
Will upgrading to Natty from Maverick affect any of my installed applications ?
how do i force grub to show on boot?
know anything about pgp.net being down?
Quick facebook question, how do you block people from posting on your wall?
Всем привет
parle frabçais stp????
hummm... We are wanting to run everything via Ubuntu Server so yes that would be a requirement, but under webmin i have several different options for mailservers, and the postfix isn't allowing me to configure it at the moment.
ci sono italiani=?
ke able español y no l importe ayudame
Is there a way to make a bootable usb of Ubuntu without using a program like Unetbootin?  UAC on windows is being temperamental with me and this computer has no optical.
hahaha 30% of people surveyed in the UK believe time travel is possible right now
can i add czech language to the seamonkey mail?
Hi all, I want to make a partition that I place files on to use in both Windows 7 and Ubuntu 10.04.2.  What type of partition should I make?
does anyone know about upstart?
do I check what version of ubuntu im running?
hello, does anyone know how to make a persistent live usb ubuntu 11.04?
hi all - I'm very unexperienced with Linux (know some, but not much...) and ran into a problem after updating to 11.04. For some reason, the "default boot" option doesn't work. Can someone help me with this... ? :)
 is there a list of graphics cards that are compatible with Ubuntu 11.04?
Hi how can i set up transmission as default torrent client for firefox?
I'm trying to install dropbox from the source code, when I install the dependency : libnautilius-extension-dev, and run ./configure, it tells me that docutils was not found. what Can I do ?
ve to burn an img to usb. What software can I use? It's a .img ubuntu
Ok...so I cannot figure out how to give the second user account on my system access to a USB external drive that is on NTFS
anyone successfully get CS5 installed on 11.04? i cant get the installation to complete with wine.
to the penguin need assistance. Im not able to tty (1-6) with current user/pass made a new acct and was able to login with that one (which btw is a normal user), cant seem to figure out the problem...
what is that command to install LAMP?
is amd64 = 64bit and i386 = 32bit?
zainstalowac kadu?
爽
how to upgrade to gnome3?
can I check free dsk space via SSH on a VPS?
what can you use to do full backups of Ubuntu?
Hi, I just installed oneiric beta1. After the installation, I am unable to hear the audio through my laptop speakers, but if I connect my headphones, I can hear the audio. I checked the alsamixer and master, speaker are full. there is no front. What could be the issue and how to debug it?
have an ubuntu server running in the cloud, what is an easy and reliable method to create offsite backups of files? I was thinking, push to dropbox? But I'm not sure if that's possible. Any ideas?
hello. anyone know why my terminal isn't automatically in emacs mode, and how i can fix this? i'm on 64-bit ubuntu 11.04
is there any possiblity for me to install gnome 3 on ubuntu Natty?
 how can I connect to my ubuntu server that runs Jira with Tomcat from remote connection on port 8080 ?
how can i share my internet like this internet--myubuntu--wlan and continue to use my ubuntu as desktop ?
hi. anyways to disable unity?
there a way i can download gnome 3 seperately and then install on ubuntu?
does anyone know the gconf key to edit to stop displaying truncated long filenames in icon view?
hello, i had a problem when i tried to install gnome 3 in my ubuntu 11.04.... anybody knows how to reinstall unity or anything?
there any alternatives to open office?
whenever I connect via SSH to a machine in my local network (DHCP) it always offends the key list since the IPs change. Can I somehow change this for my local network?
Hi all, just installed Samba 4.0.0alpha15-unknown on my machine. Anything special I need to do to make it work with Win7?
all. I need some help in setting up apache andmysql, if anyone cn help with that
hallo, war gestern bereits hier wegen einem netzwerkproblem. und zwar geht es um die downloadgeschwindigkeit unter ubuntu. problem: unter ubuntu (wlan, intel 3945ABG chip) ist der downstream sehr langsam (rund 120kb trotz 16000er leitung). ubuntu (per kabel) läuft sehr schnell, es kommen rund 13000 kbit/s an. unter windows habe ich auch über wlan die hohe geschwindigkeit, http://paste.ubuntu.com/700970/
how to find out that my live cd is 64 bit ubuntu 11.04?
are the differences between 10.10 and 11.04 excluding gnome3 and unity?
ciao
ablan español
I just upgraded to 11.10 and now my usb drive doesn't mount and I can't seem to get it mounted, any ideas?
j'aurais besoin d'aide!
Hi! I'm running ubuntu 11.4 and I'm havint trouble with sounds: The sounds get stuck repeating the same 1-2 sec part for a short while then goes completely silent, and no other application can produce sounds. some times this happens with opening sound effect others later looking at youtube or something. Can anybody offer advice haw to solvw this?
all, how do I find the compile options used in a repository package?
bonsoir a tous
Hey guys does Ubuntu use a  .hosts   file as Windows does?
 something weird is going on with my USB today. seems the controller completely shut down earlier. rebooted and now I can't connect my phone; getting "insufficient available bus power" in syslog even though it's a powered hub...
Hi, could use some help. When I start the livecd(or post-install via netinstall) all my graphics gets really garbled. Tried diffrent screens with no difference, this graphics card(ATI radeon something) has worked previously with debian so it should be supported.
ANy astrologer here
que me pueda dar unba mano
(new to ubuntu) i once seen a menu on the top of my desktop, with programs and system menus. now instead of that, i have a sidebar on auto hide. how can i get back to the menus?
Help: Ubuntu 11.04 Server Edition with GNOME hanged. What do I do?
there any way I can set ubuntu 11.04 back to classic gui?
Is there a widespread 11.04 memory leak with things like Unity/Beryl/nm-applet?
there's this fantastic program "proxifier" for windows that hooks into the os at a very low level, allowing me to send ALL my network traffic through a socks5 proxy of my choice, without screwing with per-application proxy settings - anyone know of a linux equivalent?
 who here knows irc tips n tricks? I have a possible issue.
Anyone have experience installing VMware Player on a fresh install of 11.04? I'm wondering what works best and is easiest to install
any hardware expert here ?
hi, is there an Oneiric channel ?
could somebody please tell me how to add a line to my .bashrc file? I am trying to install rails and the install guide tells me to add a file to the .bashrc file but I don't know how.
can I ask to any ubuntu expert any question?
everyone, has gnome 3 become available as a reliable option to install for ubuntu 11.04 ???
has anyone work as a freelancer ? expirieces ?
Hello I have a problem with my ubuntu installation, can anyone help me?
can i register my nickname on freenode?
Hello, is there a way to create an image of my ubuntu to be able to install it on another machine without reinstalling the softwares and redoing the configurations, thank you
what is this about " ##linux :Cannot send to channel" ?
help, I have 4 NTFS drives, 2 of which are working just fine. The other two show up in the disk utility but say "unknown"
How do you upgrade older distribution. I'm on 9.04 and I want to get to 10.04 eventually.
how many people here play world of warcraft with the current version
guys, is there a "start" menu in unity (not just a search menu)?
if I upgrade to 11.04 from 10.10 how hard is it to get rid of unity and go back to gnome
is there any possibility to show last used date of all packages?
there i upgrded to 11.04 now i can loging to gnome but i can login in comand prompt. gdm screen is returning again and again
im new at this ok i have no sound and ive taken out my sound card to get the onbord to work and its still no ive looked far and wide to get it working
how to set a command by crontab, with recurrence every minute ?
can i tell if port 3306 is open? also i have apparmor running =)
Anyone have PAM authenticating both local accounts and remote accounts with kerberos
I'm trying to install a LAMP stack, and Apache refuses to run PHP.
it possible to install gnome3 on ubuntu at this moment?
有没有中国人呀
I'm not very familiar with the new upstart manager, but I needed to have a job running after each time mysql is restarted. I've added the script path to /etc/init/mysql.conf on the post-start script part but it didn't work. Any hints?
there a place where you can get a list of video cards supported by default?
hey all...  I'm currently piping a command to /bin/true to get it to give a 0 exit code everytime... is there a way to get it to give a 0 exit code if it's 0 or 2 (but not 1)?
Hey i'm installing ubuntu server on my computer... And i'm getting loads of errors while installing the base system errors say that files are corrupted... Whats the solution to that ? whrite a new boot cd?
I need to uninstall the driver of Broadcom STA Wireless, any idea?
gnu ddrescue manual says 'never try to rescue a r/w mounted partition'. how do i know if a partition is r/w so i can avoid this?
hey, how do you combine 2 wordlist files one after the other?
have a system that is currently on jaunty,  need to upgrade it to Lucid.  do-release-upgrade is telling /w3
am have make my ubuntu simple and fast and complate some application for education can i make some iso for shared my ubuntu modification ?
hi, how can i move all files up to the parent directory? (inc hidden files)
GNOME Shell functional on Natty yet?
buon giorno a tutti
does office 2010 starter run in wine
do i get frostwire on 10.10 x64?
anyone knows a quick fix to bring the brightness down. my eyes are burning.
Is the Ubuntu Classic DE (GNOME) GNOME2 or 3?
Pimp
Cum Dumpster
Cleveland Steamer
Rusty Trombone
Blumpkin
Glass Bottom Boat
Meat Flap
 i have a problem, I install wine but it doesn't working.. how can I use it??
anyone here who can help me with an indicator applet question?
How can one search for something 'like something' in the repositories?
anyone know how to remove the gnome desktop on ubuntu server 10.04.3 sudo apt-get purge ubuntu-desktop* doesn't work cause the desktop is still there after words
y a til des français ici?
hello, is there someone who can help me?
 how do I install sun java on 11.04? The sun website gave a .bin file to me, but terminal can't do anything with it
I accidentally removed the gnome-panel, how can I get it back?
is there a way to switch to a more old fashioned ui on natty?
someone help me with my question???
Is there an linux mint channel?
can someone tell me what the drop down panels are called. like when i click on system, places, or applications. the little option panels
set backtrack 4 but why it don't sounds????
hello im trying to install ubuntu 10.4 (using a cd on windows xp) , however after i restart the computer i see the loading screen and then the screen goes blank. I want to install ubuntu and get rid of my windows xp also. Can anyone fix this issue?
alguem do brasil ?
haq,I have upgraded to 11.04, but entered the black screen of death. Trying to boot to a netroot, so I can do some reinstalls of some packages to at least get the computer to a usable state, so I can copy some of my files to another location before I do a complete reinstall. However, even though I put an internet cable in the computer, there is no access. What can I do?
i need a channel irc for oracle or mysql??
hi, does anyone know how to get the SHA256 checksum of a file at the command-line? thank you?
anybody have a suggestion on some good Ubuntu linux backup software
como configuro meu monitor no ubuntu
como instalar usb
comoestan??
How do I know if a service is permanently on, meaning it will be started after reboot?
How can I get the java 6 jre?
it possible to get a "drop down terminal" in ubuntu, like when you press f12, it slides down above other windows? I remember I used that in KDE a while ago
Looking for a firewall for ubuntu
Guys a quick poll so i can make up my head of what i want to use - Wich dev soft u think is better Anjuta or Gambas
I want that thunderbird is started upon clicking at the mail symbol in the message indicator
ubuntu fucked up my bootloader and he wont load windows i only get a flashing bar
if i want to see a list of all the processes that start with 'n' how can i do that?
a chenel of the ubuntu brazil?
just in case ill need it, is it possible to run Ubuntu 11.04 without thta unity thing?
I have a question, can anybody give me advise?
is good local network file sharing program? windows adn linux boxes
guys, gnome 3 depends of unity? or i can install it without it?
I'm trying to update packages from jaunty.  It's failing.  Anybody else having problems.  I think it was us.archive.ubuntu.com .
guys i have a question
I'm on ubuntu 9.10 and the update tool is telling me there is a new dkms package available but if I say to install that update it wants me to insert the CD for 11.04. That seems like the wrong version of a package was put in to the updates area for 9.10
Hello. I have installed ubuntu, and then I installed lubuntu-desktop. Now the problem is I have both login screens. and sometimes it runs lxdm, and sometimes it runs the original ubuntu login screen. How do I set the login screen manager and disable original display manager?
I ask here for help?
Hi, all.  I'm a Firefox developer working on wording for a prompt for an upcoming version of Firefox.  I'd like to take a quick straw poll of the channel.  If I told you that I was collecting information about "how you use Firefox", would you be surprised to find out that that includes a list of the extensions you have installed?
how do you boot ubuntu 11.04 into "safe mode" or even into a command prompt? I have no grub menu
have an asus m4a88t-m/usb3.0 board how do I check to make sure the correct drivers are installed for the soundcard to support the HD Audio because I have it going to my surround sound and it sounds like shit all crackly
I've installed LAMP Server on ubuntu server 11.04 (natty) how would i get ftp working?
guys, is there any open equivalent to landscape?
a tutti
vaya que mal me va el ubuntu 11.10
brasil?
 is getdeb repo stable?
Does anyone here know much about Repositories?
ppl write me a scrip that simulates shift+f9
me. Is there a proper way to enable unicode support for ubuntu? I'm running 11.04, and I can't get ᴥ to display properly (\u1d25)
10,I'm using 11.10, how do I change default greeter (desktop manager?) from lightdm to kdm?
bonjour!
would like to have a back up but i have no idea how to do that ?
Is there any way to configure wingpanel?
my backup drive fell off a desk, now i can hear it trying to spin up, but failing. am I completely screwed? ps nothing sees it, not even the bios
there any good desktop enviornments (not gnome3, KDE4, or Unity) that i can install on Ubuntu?
why do very few woman use linux? I think there are a few but there input to linux is very small?
someone help me please :d
quick question: How do i enable a GTK+ 3 theme in Ubuntu 11.04(gnome 2 shell)? I've downloaded the elementary theme from their launchpad site and extracted it to /usr/share/themes. The gtk+2 theme works fine, but not the gtk+3 theme :-(
when upgrading to 11.04 I did not accept the microdoft agreement to install their fonts and web eula stuff. Dose any one know what the consequences are of that.
how to tell which ubuntu I'm using?
usb 3.0 work with ubuntu?
is unity available for other linux distributions?
buon giorno ragazzuoli
anybody speak german here?
hei guys anyone using GT540m VGA with ubuntu ?
can somebody help installing zoneminder
can I add windows and a grub menu selection during boot?
i have a python script, in a directory, how can i get that script to be recognized all over my computer so that i can execute it with one command? without having to "python /go/to/dir/to/run.py"
You guys helped me remove a program called avast before, and now I need to remove it again, but the line I saved for removing it isn't working
guys, What ubuntu let me use for very old and sick computer?
hey is anyone on that can help me with installing starcraft :P
can anybody help me with a not booting ubuntu?
can i create an image of a bootable ubuntu usb that i created for ubuntu installation
hola a tods
hey so i've been trying to get ubuntu to install on my macbook pro for awhile now, i ended up being completely unable to resize the partition so i just erased it (since i have a backuup) and created a new smaller partition, can i install ubuntu first or do i need to restore my mac osx partition first before installing ubuntu or does order not matter?
isnt recognizing my webcam when i plug it into USB nothing comes up
I don't like the new desktop with 11.04. How do I use the older version?
natty live cd does not boot on my dell xps l502x i7, nvidia gt 525, does any one has any clue
привет
I'm not a noob with Linux, but I am used to the Red Hat/Fedora distro....any tips on learning the new commands and tools, etc in ubuntu/debian?
hi, anyone can help me how can i recover my photos from a damaged hard disc? txh in advance
help with cannon mx880 printer
Kann mir jemand sagen, wie ich bei zwei Moitoren einen als Default (für das Unity Panel) ändern kann.
Hi I was wondering if anyone is available to give me a hand with the ubuntu "Remote Desktop Viewer" as I have a small problem with ?
long does it take from a package version is released until it's available in the repository?
Hello, anyone know how to enter character U+200B (UTF8) with keyboard compose or how to set some composition for it?
what are the three people with stars by there name?
haq,Running ubuntu 11.04/gnome classic... my windows don't have title bars and I can't move/resize them. I know compiz is still running b/c I can change workspaces... how do I get my window titles back?
españoles?
hi, just installed natty, now i cant make programs executable. i rightclick the try to change permissions but right before my eyes they go back to what they used to be..
conecto rede sem fio
can anyone help me install a logitech GamePad?
hi, how can i update my kernel to 2.6.34? my current kernel version is 2.6.32-32-generic
anyone here have any experience with getting compiz to run on 11.04?
I whis to install skype on my system(Kernel2.6.32-27 generic).how can do it?
Can I put ubuntu back to normal?
driver do I have to load for my motherboard's onboard serial port?
hey guys, is there any wa to speed up flash? and whic is faster Gnash or flashplugin-nonfree?
has any one been having problems with firefox
ve just grabbed phpmyadmin from the respoitory. is there a localhost entry added by default? eg, using XAMPP on windows, localhost/phpmyadmin takes me to phpmyadmin.
could anyone help me with getting the theme selector for gnome 3 working?
does adobe flash work in wine?
d like to run an application directly from a folder. What is the correct way to do this?
Q: If installing more than one Linux based OS, do I need more than one swap area, id est, set up one swap area per install? Or all OS's will use the same Swap?
Hi guys, what is the best Terminal IRC client?
 does ubuntu 11.04 support intels turbo cpu?
how to install display drivers on BT4
hey guys im trying to get on runescape and i installed adobe now and the latest openjdk but still get the grey block saying missing plugins , im thinking i might have to have sun java but have no clue on how to install
 Moto + Google
menu.lst is missing, how to get it
Whats that package that makes linux servers show up in windows network view
 i am currently upgrading my father's laptop to 11.04. i miss the application menu, where you just select "office > OpenOffice Writer"...is it hidden somewhere or how are you supposed to find the writer now?
i cannot make a usb startup disk in 11.04, i get Checksums do not match.  Retry?, and md5 hash of the iso file is correct
I have a quick question can somebody specify the exact driver to use for RV280 [Radeon 9200] with ubuntu 10.04 or if it is even compatible.
here anyone who  installed gnome 3 on natty?
Hello everyone bastards!  What is better: to have a dedicated Blu-Ray player, or to install a Blu-Ray player in a computer?  Would it work with Ubuntu or XP?
is there a way to run 11.04 with the user interface that was standard with 10.04?
help me with the sound of Xxxvideos... it all seems working but no sound....volume is working, mute-unmute too, but sound never sound
how to make the computer remember all the running application when shut down, so that next time I can boot in and the system open the application automaticlly?
Anyone know of an ext enclosure w/ USB 3.0 that works w/ Ubuntu 11.04?  I have one now, Acomdata 3.5" USB 3.0, and Ubuntu can't see it but Windows 7 sees it fine.
 does anybody have installed teamspeak server? i need help
Hi all! i accidentally installed Adobe Acrobat Reader from a packet i downloaded on the adobe-Homepage.. now i want to deinstall it, since document viewer suits my needs more than AR does.. how can i deinstall it? i couldnt find it in synaptic PM...?
What is the spanish channel?
damn dick in cunt
 I want one of the partitions of my HDD to be mounted rw on boot. I tried pysdm, but when I had that program mount the partition, eclipse could not access it, even though ls -l showed that it was writeable. When I mount the partition via the file manager, eclipse has no problem accessing it.
anyone using gnome shell?
can anybody help me with the expertise
question for anyone who knows. I want to stream line my kernel in 11.10 Beta 2, and need to know how I can get ther kernel source considering kernel.org is down for extended "maintenance"
hi, simple question about cron; when executing the command "crontab <file>", is the file only needed to "copy" the tasks to the user cron tab? or is <file> (becomes) _the_ cron tab task file?
can i have gnome 3 without the shell
Hello,on 11.10 I am having problems with nautilus search box,anyone have the same issue?
Hello, I am on 10.04 Ubuntu, I have Firestarter running, sort of, is the BSD Firewall Builder a better choice? or should I just learn iptables better?
If one has a Dual Boot, and wants to reinstall the Ubuntu 11.04 install, is that possible without modifying the other OS?
have any luck with setting up gnome-shell with Natty? I can't stand Unity
can anyone help? my ubuntu pc all of a sudden stopped showing up in Networks on windows. samba is running and all
when I install from the live cd will it retain what i've done on the livecd?
pode me responder algo ae
Buenas tardes tengo una consulta , nesesito cambiar el compilador de la version mia de ubuntu
which version is libcgal-dev? how can i find out without installing it?
 Has anyone used GNU parallel?
hi, who does wap pages here?
Can anyone help me fix my grub boot error?
top, is there a field or combination of fields I should be able to sum to get used physical memory?  I'm trying to figure out how much memory a process is using not including shared memory.
whats the off topic channel
Hey, I need some help. I think it would be a little messy to give all the info in the main chat, so is anybody familiar with QT creator?
is an non-open source product based on Linux Terminal Server Project. Can't remember the name. Anyone know what I am talking about?
what are the other ubuntu?
alguien habla español?
кто?
What command can I use to find the total space the contents of a directory takes up?
alguien de VZLA?
cant seem to get rid of a folder...
c'est quoi déjà l'alternative à etherpad qui se base sur openoffice pour l'édition collaborative ?
is there a separate channel for Ubuntu Server?  I'm looking for some help with ISPConfig in the end.. specifically customizing error 404 (i can customize all other errors except that one, it was blank originally, and changes I make to it do not apply)
anyone knows how to upgrade from ubuntu 10.10 to natty ? I am unable with sudo update-manager -d
now can anyone here help learn some hacking with backtrack
how can I permanently change the name of my machine (host), I tried looking on the net? configured /etc/hostname, but it didn't work.
if we have beta we just update on update mangaer?
hey, anyone know when Firefox 7 hits the repos?
noob question: if I am on Intrepid, can I install packages for later releases like lucid, maverick etc?
.. im having problems with ubuntu 11.04 kernel 2.6.38-11-generic sometimes my laptop doesnt boot and caps lock light stays blincking.... any ideas wheres the bug?
我是中国的
有人吗
do i replace pulseaudio with alsa ?
do you know where i can download GNOME 3 .deb files?
is there a root account? if I installed Ubuntu Via wubi?
 wont to here some thing funny > Quote: AnonymousUS. If I was the marine that killed osama bin laden i would of teabagged him till him till my nuts where fucked up. LOL
is there a way i can get info on the packages in apt-get w/o having to install them first? (for instance: there are 24 mysql-* packages, how do i know which i want to install?)
AH!!! how do you get a new init.d script to start at boot time?
anyone here use autohotkey?
hi, interrnal mic aspire 5715z don't work
any ideas about a good quick and dirty irc bot?
when i copy  files i get error splicing files, file too large
Hey there. Can someone help me?
how do i install the windows codecs for mplayer in 11.04?
do I install gnome3 ? I have the official PPA added, and some websites mention installing gnome3-desktop or gnome-desktop3. Neither is showing up in synaptic
how to restore panel on ubuntu to their default setting?
with DVDs having copy protection, is there no way to mount a DVD in ubuntu 10.10? I know it'll take a data disc, just refuses to see any storebought DVDs
kinda need help if anyone here would be so kind
wille firefox 5 be available for maverick ?
Want to determine what version of libxml2 I'm running.  Is this done via apt-get?
 im trying to update from 10.10 to 11.04 booting from live usb, but it doesnt show the update option
I need a list the PCI devices in my computer
ciao, chi mi può aiutare con una webcam?
I need to join #oracle IRC channel can any body help guide me to register my name
what command do you put to download and install java... is it apt-get download java?
multitermais alguem ai ta usando no ubuntu..
размер inode выбрать?
这里木有说中文的吗？
does anyone use mutt here?
m trying to apt-get install libxml2-dev on lenny/sid.  I'm getting 404 not found.  doing apt-get update also returns 404 on every single URL (it tries a huge list).  What can I do?
hi   is theere  a " all in one codec  pack"?
is there an easy way in bash to rename files even numbers 2.jpg 4.jpg etc?
there a way i can hide my mint 11 box from others on my lan? still accessible but not advertised in the network browser?
hello, i want a minimal OS, like debian netinstall. is there such ubuntu distributions without DE, WM, X, and etc, etc?
is there a help page for internet sharing from 11.04 to Windows 7?
need some help here!!
having issue with port forarding
anyone have experience with acidrip ?  i just encoded a movie but there was no video output.  i selected xvid and set abr:br=256 for sound.
I have a quick question about ubuntu server
hey anyone knows where I can get me a cheap PSU that's ubuntu friendly ?
which server is the linuxmint-help channel on?
I was woundering what your guys thank on this subject Mac vs Ubuntu
hey, so if i did an apt-get install app but dont know where it installed to and cant find it, what is the best way to find it using the terminal?
hola alguien hABLA ESPAÑOL
habla español?
Hi, please a need a help
What's the name of the next version of Ubuntu?
can I play .wmv video files in Ubuntu 10.10 ?
how do I switch from unity to the old desktop that does not hide things?
does anyone know how to send private messages using irssi i cant figure it out
some1 help me fix the no sound problem on my laptop?
this wouldnt be a help channel by any chance would it?
holaaa!!
is a pretty simple question, I want to buy a cheap printer server and printer (color deskjet)  that works with ubuntu (has the support/drivers)- any suggestions?
hi all, is there anyone who knows how to make a program quit or knows anything about amsn? i need help since im been having when upgraded to 11.04
Hi guys, is anyone here running Lord of the Ring Online through wine on Ubuntu?
do I change the defult email client? Is there a terminal command?
how do i reinstall a package absolutely from scratch?
Is there a IRC chat for Ubuntu Skype?
install of ubuntu-desktop after fresh install using mini.iso (natty), install failing due to broken package (libicu44) - what do?
Is there an antivirus program or spyware program for ubuntu?
how can i use windows application on ubuntu?
anyone tried Gnome Shell in Ubuntu 10.04?
how can i view processes in ubuntu so i can kill the one causing problems?
What's the terminal command for changing the sound output to a certain percentage?
.. I think I found a linux kernel memory corruption fault in the kernel version natty currently uses primarily. Where should I report it?
somebody know some channel to chat in spanish, please
Is there any way for installing winamp in Ubuntu?
all.  I need to locate a file on my hard drive.  I forget the name, but it had the word dumpfile in it.  How can I search for it?
hello group.  i'm having difficulty restarting ssh.  sudo /etc/init.d/ssh restart   returns...  Rathaer than invoking init scripts through /etc/init.d.......  I"m running 11.04
hello, I installed 11.04 and whenever I watch videos and turn up the volume to the maximum the sounds that comes out is terrible. What could be the problem?
need to run a .jar file... how can I install java on ubuntu natty?
Ubuntu is an ancient African word meaning 'humanity to others' Unity is an ancient African word for 'a dung, you can't even build house of'
fellatio
felching fuck
has anyone ever shared an internet connection via ethernet by going to the Network Connections window and selecting the 'Shared to other computers' method?  Mine isnt working and i cant figure it out
the live CD's when I install something from the software center it sits in memory and I have to reinstall it each time I boot into the live CD, correct?
Fuck Hole
Beef Curtain
Assmucus
Cumdump
Eat Hair Pie
hi there. I completely messed up my audio settings (worked quite fine, only had some a/v sync problems) and now I'd love to find a way to just remove all alsa, pulseaudio, gstreamer and whatnot stuff and add a clean setup of all of this from scratch. Is there a way to do this?
Is Simple Backup deprecated from Natty?  This could be really unfortunate :(
how to register my nickname
can someone help me with my wireless issue please? i have a BCM4311
Can I use webmin and ispconfig at the same time?
04 comes with unity instead of gnome?
Please tell me how to switch off Unity i dont like it, I tried to set classic desktop but now have unity and classic descktop
trying to upgrade from 10.10 to 11.04 with a locally burned cd (all hashes are proper)... choosing either install or tryout... i get to the same login in screen that ONLY shows 'other'.... and returns authentication failure  at every attempt.....thought or suggestions to a solution??
do i find out the CPU type from the command line?
How do I submit bugs to Ubuntu?
so, some how my grub got messed up, and im trying to boot from the cd but I still get the grub rescue screen. how do I get around this?
are SDA SDA1 SDB?
hello.  How do you move the Window buttons to the right in 11.04?
hey all...does anyone know where I can read the release notes for Gnome 3?
know of a free Linux shell that I can use to practice programing ?
is gnome3 out now?
what is the best file manager?
everyone ! I'm trying to get help on my Ubuntu 11.04 installation. I used Wubi and now, when I reboot my PC, the dual-boot doesn't appear ... Does anyone know why ?
I'm trying to install bluez-gnome but it says "configure: error: gconf >= 2.16 is required" the only gconf package I can find is for dapper
Are you guys enjoying this new look and feel, because i kind of think its the most buggy piece of software I have seen in some time.
is the default chat client in Ubuntu called?
Does anyone know where I can get a package to install Apache 2.0?
есть живые ?
earlier version of Ubuntu, you could suspend the computer from the commandline using the "pmi" tool.  Now that seems to have been removed from the repos.  Is there a way to suspend a computer from the commandline in the latest Ubuntu?
hey this is kinda off topic but i dont know were to ask, im looking for a channel for help with Visual basic?
could anyone walk me through the movement and sync of files from home on sda to sdb please
Unity, how can I add a program on the bar on the left if it's not installed with the software manager (I have downloaded Eclipse).
hi, what is the command to start webmin on ubuntu?
 i have python 2.6 on my system and i wanna install 2.7 , is necesary remove 2.6 version ?
do i check if my processor is i686 or not
I need some help!!!
Hi folks, odd issue I'm having with 11.04, if anyone's around?
there an IRC channel for Virtual OS Support, also is there  a HOWTO regarding how to create the ISOs to boot to?
como fasso  para entrar no ubuntoem portugus?
what is the Unity 2D shortcut key for doing expose? In Unity 3D it's super + w, but that doesn't work in Unity 2D.
do I stop the X server
Just did a fresh install of ubuntu over windows 7, Now my Wireless doesn't work can anyone help?
is there anyway I can back up files from my hard drive from a live CD with only one hard drive and cd rom and no flash drive or ext device?
method(s) do you guys use to backup your data? (one of my harddrives crashed, so basically my data is gone!)
please  can you help me about Ubuntu Brazil
Is it possible to run Unity in Virtualbox?
komm nicht mehr an meine Daten ran
10,Why in WIN7 system overall after the installation of 11.10BETA2, prompts the hard disk error, even after the update can not enter the system! That the disc reformatted after a no disk error!
Hello. What do I need to do to make bash-completion work again after having started over with a clean home dir?
barely cought the message about connecting to free node, can someone please fill me in, waht do i need 2 do to continue connecting?
I have a USB drive mounted and know the mount point, but need to determine the device name. Is there a command for that?
I recently upgraded to 11.04 on my laptop and now the wireless doesn't work because the hardware switch is off and the key combination that is supposed to flip it does not. anyone know how to fix this?
are the contents of sources.list for ubuntu natty server? someone installed the normal natty and i would like to change that
how do I tell a specific package to not update when doing apt-get upgrade
Wubi doesnt seem to be updating my boot.ini on windows xp. is xp no longer supported?
is that ps like command that show only the PID of the process?
can any one here help me
Is it possible to use the AMD64bit disk to Install the Wubi 64bit version when you have Windows XP 32bit ? Or do I need to get the 32bit version ?
que hable español?
anyone using dual monitors with nVidia graphics card on?
general unix terminal question: whenever i do something that prints a lot of output to the terminal (like reading a man page), how do i exit out of reading the text?
everyone, I am new to Ubuntu. Running Ubuntu Studio 11.04 and need some help. I installed Qtel as per the instructions on the internet but need some help with the sound for Qtel.
where's the file that grub uses for each operating system/kernel ? that what used to be menu.lst - i tried /etc/grub/default ,but I see only options there, no lines with each kernel options etc
can anyone tell me how to further customize the login window in ubuntu 10.04? I only found the option to enable the Appearance manager, but I want to make the Window Background transparent, so you can only see the login input field and username
all, i've just installed ubuntu on my pc. I'd like to have an interface similar to windows. Excuse me but i do not like Unity. What do i have to install ?
有人吗？
whats the command to go to google from the terminal?
do i install the development version of google chrome in ubuntu 10.04?
hi all, in ubuntu 9.10, how do i open a terminal session and call my sh script at login? i googled for an hour now and tried a lot of things but i can't get it working. anyone?
hablas en español
do you take an EXTREMELY tight screw out without ruining the head of the screw?
How can I fix a computer hardware problem.
someone can help me? problem with raid on 11.04
habla español
hi! anybody can help me please? I am on ubuntu 11.04 and internet and any kind of network connection are disabled cause I uninstalled by error packages for network, drivers are ok
I need help with my Ubuntu PC. I just did a fresh install but when I go to boot the machine it does not boot into Ubuntu
guys, ive erased the swap partition of my ubuntu, how can i restore it?
where is the firewall configuration in ubuntu?
How do I restore GRUB2 using the live cd/usb?
 I wanna install ubuntu but retain all data on current D: partrition of windows vista, how hard is that / does ubuntu installer supports it? thanks!
I want to put gnome3 on here. I like the interface it has
how can I add "nomodeset" parameter to grub, if as soon as i launch grub i get "no signal" on my monitor ?
there any way to make the ubuntu gui in 11.04 to pre 10.10
hi there, I used WUBI.exe to install ubuntu but unfortunately it only cang et started when I boot from ubuntu. I read somewhere that u can use WUBI.exe to run Ubuntu in Windows as a client/window. I use Windows 7.
wow ubuntu, you have outfucked yourself with 11.04
 I was just wondering if anyone knows a good was to get rid of the blue bars with -[]X at the top of windows but still be able to easily minimise maximise and close them? Just thinking they use up a lot of screen space for what they do...
please can anyone tell me how to remove this unity and get stock gnome back?
how do i activate transparency as i move a window ?
there some way to make * wildcard random?
Hi, where is the iptables rule set file. I am looking for the equivalesnt of the  "etc/sysconfig/iptables" in RH
Hello i need to install fluxbox as default desktop
am needing help with a dpkg error that i get anytime i try to install something, I am using 10.04. Is this the right room?
if you open a GUI app from, say, guake-terminal, the cursor sits on a new line below your command and just blinks while you work away. Is there a way to reclaim that terminal, or is it like 'assigned' to run that program?
Is irc.ubuntu.com and irc.freenode.org the same server?
just downloaded 11.04 and the Minimize, Maximize and Close are on the wrong side
10,Question: anyone know how to get rid of the dot-grid in the new unity-greeter on Oneric?
sed -i 's@dbname='abox1029@dbname='rgonet@g' *.php I am using this sed to replace the strings, but it is not switching the strings. What could be the problem? i am verifying this by doing 'grep dbname| grep abox'
willing to help?
 Ok do most men or women use ubuntu?
hey guys.. i forgot the command to open the search dialog under Places..anyone remember?..yes?
riproduttore di filmati su 11.10 non funziona
does anyone here use gnome terminator?
hi any suggestion on how to install and use gnome3 on ubuntu 10.10
 i used useradd -G developers -d /home/hazamonzo hazamonzo to create a new user but the home directory was not created. What might i have done wrong?
ubuntu one isn't synching my files, i placed some files in the ubuntu one folder, but all the files show the grey not-synched symbol, any ideas?
bugger
bum
anyone know if it is possible somehow to rebind CAPSLOCK so that instead of "keeping shift pressed" it keeps another key pressed ? Or is that something that is only possible for shift as there is a flag somewhere to tell if caps or not ?
anyone recommend me a pci ide card that works in ubuntu 11.04?
Recently, I tried to install gnome3 for a friend of mine on his 11.04 install. Sadly, it failed miserably and I just reinstalled over the whole thing. Can someone direct me to a useful gnome3 tutorial for ubuntu?
guys.. do we need to use Putty for SSH in ubuntu?
is the best place to store programs, I'm sick of them all being in my root directory
why is it that i can connect to sshd externally when there is no iptables rule? I was under the impression it was a default deny any
Can anyone help with ubuntu boot problems on a Vostro 1015?
m planning to get a new assembled desktop, how do I choose the components so that it supports Ubuntu?
hello dear any one help me to upgarde my ubntu 10.10 in 11.04
切换中文
to update gnome 3 in ubuntu 11.04
i need help, im desperate
upgraded VIrtualBox vm to 11.04 but Unity was disabled. Enabled 3D exceleration but ubuntu always comes up in Gnome even though it is logging in as ubuntu on loggin screen. How can I get desktop to log in on Unity?
a german chat in the client
how to install gnome 3 on ubuntu 11.04 properly
Guys how to setup a windows 7 - ubuntu lan connection? Win 7 keeps saying "unidentified network"
there xvid codecs?  for us ?
is fluendo mp3 codecs the best to use with ubuntu for mp3 support?
how to work with the old software-center? (ratings, sorting, ...!!!)
me suis fais loger entrain de faire de la m**** sur un serveur
after using sudo bash how can I drop the sudo privelages?
Is there an IRC channel for Ubuntu-fr
italtian speakers / readers here?
I bought a computer having 4 GB RAM. I would like to know how much hard disk space should I allocate to a swap partition? I intend to hibernate this laptop computer when need arises.
how to find what are the ports are in use in my system?
kernel does 11.04 uses?
jest ktos z polski??
how do i contact the maker of a package and report an error
 using natty, Wlan is not working, lspci show.. Broadcom Corporation BCM4313 802.11b/g/n Wireless LAN Controller (rev 01), Any help please.
你们好
which is the best chat program in ubuntu?
does the "nomodeset" option does at boot time ?
Hi everyone ! I'm Nikhil, novice to Linux Ubuntu. Can anyone help me how to connect as a superuser/root/admin ?
What is the best Image viewer can be used as default? Is it Eye of Gnome good?
natty and am having trouble with networking using interfaces file.  I am using the exact same interfaces file that I use in 10.10, so my wireless connection is there when my desktop appears and I dont have to wait for network-manager to wake up.. well its not happening in natty, I have to ifdown/ifup the interface for it to work. what gives?
i am trying to downlod adobe flash for NPR but it needs an aplication...that im not sure what that means
Hey guys.   I can't install this game that I bought through the ubuntu store
aplay: "OPTIONS: -L, --list-devices: list all PCMs defined." What are 'PCMs'?
anyone happen to know when firefox 5 will be uploaded for natty?
hi - if i run a ubuntu live cd to mount a logical volume, expecting to see a whole root filesystem, but all i get is a single "lost+found" folder - should i be worried then?
guys, could you give me a simple formula for installing a program in the "tar.gz" format in LinuxMint? like how do i install a program called example.tar.gz?
can i create a customised ubuntu livecd?
kann mir jemand helfen ich versuche mein thrustmaster lenkrad zum laufen zu bekommen aber es klappt nicht so ganz
много)
can i use my ubuntu laptop to connect my pc desktop on the intarnet ?
Is there a way to have grub automatically and immediately boot into the first option instead of waiting a few seconds?
knows why I cannot see neither type my local language in Xchat?? they just become squares...
i have downloaded latest ubuntu and i am new in this, i have a broadcom wireless network card but is not recognized and i don't know how to install drivers
help ! german ubuntu
anyone here try a headless installation of ubuntu natty?
hola estoy buscando ayuda para restaurar el funcionamineto del teclado de mi laptop, ya que cuendo iniio sesion estn desactivados..:(
There are from Russia anyone?
can i install a tar.gz file on ubuntu 10.04
I am looking for ditto that will help me run bt4 I use blackbuntu supposed to be for n00bs but I had more luck with bt4
hi could someone pls link me the website used to make these dump links, thx
ve edited ftab, do i need to reboot to make changes take effect, or can i just logout and log back in?
How do you register you nick and sign in again?
hello. how can I install sun java jdk ?
 IVE BEEN F*CKING with compiz, and now I believe I have destabilized my machine: all graphics seem to work well, but I cannot add any new item or menu to my applicactions menu. Is it related? Its all because of compiz-switch, and untrusted ap I tried to install
what linux distro is similar to opensuse?  so i don't use them
how do i change the default ubuntu view i dont like the new desktop layout
find a good media center for 11.04
somone know the Russian language ?
hey, just wanted to let you all know the issue with MC not showing right is COMPLETELY ubuntu's fault for not having proper termcap and terminfo. Works PERFECT in EVERY DISTRO AND EVERY CLIENT except ubuntu. Totally borked for ALL clients in ubuntu.
there any way to mount my drives automatically on start up
Where can I find a backup of the config files from before a dist upgrade?
how to find out the hard drive information for "ata4"? I got msgs like softreset failed (device not ready)
anyone,Anyone good with networking..?
Hi there, haing a bit of trouble with the 'make: g++: Command not found' error, apt-get install cpp gcc has run and installed, am I missing a package?
Hi There, my Linux Box had ColdFusion and Apache2, i am uploading with my User to ftp, but my ColdFusion doesnt had permissions to write.. is any command that allow me and my coldfusion write on a folder?
can I set synergyc to start at boot time so I can use it prior to login in 11.10 ?
anyone know of any P2P torrent agents that I can run from command-line?
back track is a distribute of linux only for hacking?
first i asked in #kubuntu does anyone know where the default images are at for the log-in and for the desktop
how do i make a partition automount?
has sb tried to install ubuntu on the vodafone845 ?
was just wondering what this command does "sudo dpkg --configure -a" i typed it in by mistake, but can't see that anything wrong happened
hi there, I'm having some trouble with grub. I installed ubuntu server on a compactflash drive and it refused to install grub.
will ubuntu loose the classic gnome desktop after 11.10 ?  will ubuntu take away our choice to choose the classic of the new look?
do i put something->name into a c string?
how do you list people members in irssi
i am looking for a backtrack 5 channel
there a wine channel? I want to know if it is possible to run certain Steam games on Ubuntu
is there any divx codec for ubuntu?
hola me podria decir como entrar en el canal en español?
had installed 9.10 and the grub crashed (or may be not loading properly) then tried to get 11.04 Live CD and trying to restore my previous grub.
Cum Chugger
Mother Fucker
Hey, is it me or are the FGLRX drivers on Natty really shitty? Whenever I launch a simple OpenGL aplication it starts using 100% of my CPU
I just switched my desktop to classic, from Unity on Natty. What is "classic" exactly - KDE? GNOME?
do u install java runetime envir
qual o canal do brasil
Hey guys, is there any reason I can't find the droid font family in natty?
 in my operating systems course I need to make some kind of learning material (hands-on kinda type) regarding operating systems. I was thinking of making something with ubuntu, but I havent figured out that would be. any suggestions about configuring something etc?
hello. let's assume that I'm a bad person and I still have a box running Ubuntu 9.04. Can someone point me at some docs that explain how to get myself out of the upgrade hole now that 9.04 is offline?
virtualbox: i just mirrored a partition (sda1) to a vdi file - how to append the necessary things to use it in vbox (mbr.....)?
do Brasil?
just a simple question, how to read windows help file without using wine ?
What's the command to create a file?
  j'ai créé une radio avec plein de protocole dont SIP, y'aurait-il qqn pour tester tout ca ?
gHello, i installed gnome3 and the window "theme" i have seems rather primitive, it has only "x" button and looks like it came from 1998, i have no idea where to change it and what packages i miss
iciao a tuti
всем :)
I downloaded a game.  Its an .exe.  I have wine, but it won't open.  I'm using xubuntu 10.10.  Error:  "The file '/home/user/.opera/temporary_downloads/LuxorSetup.exe' is not marked as executable.  If this was downloaded or copied from an untrusted source, it may be dangerous to run.  For more details, read about the executable bit."
Hey everyone, I am new to Linux/Ubuntu and I just wondered if someone could help me with setting up my Google Plus-chat with Empathy?
does one bridge connections in Ubuntu? I have a WIndows desktop that is connected to my Ubuntu laptop which has wireless access and I want to get Internet access to my desktop
How do I get back the mixer icon in the notification area?
anyone around for a quick question ?
anyone know how I can find out "what packages were updated on my system yesterday"?
NO funciona el microfono en MSI CR610 (hay un irc hispano)
how do I install bcm43 wireless driver for ubuntu 11.04?
can i find the python binaries, i have installed python2.5 python2.6 python2.7 i want to change the default
boa tarde
10,Hey - how stable would you say 11.10 is right now, for day to day use?
do I put an NFS mount command -- I have a mount command with complicated options don't want ot suse autofs or anything just wnat to issue the mount command and it to be in effect
Hi, I am using Natty. I find that even when I am connected to the internet, my me menu status set to available, still there is no textbox in the me menu to post. What is the issue?
can somebody help me with a bad memory question?
can help me setting up a tv viewer program on my ubuntu ?
you folks make it pretty freak'n unobvious for filing a bug
can anyone help me update from jaunty 9.04 to 9.10
have a question..why can't I succeed to install the gnome3 at 11.04?IT always  collapse
What is the default root password
What means "none" in the "Filesystem" column of 'df -h'?
ubuntu ru
Hello iam using lynx10.4 and does ubuntu have a defragging utility?
any ftp clients for ubuntu that have speed limits?
i am compressing files what is the best format to compress in .zip .tar.gz ect
can anyone explain the rationale of preferring apt-get over aptitude?
Hey guys, from a live CD, how can I change directory in the bash to the HDD?
Ubuntu minimal just defaults to a black screen with a blinking cursor. I can switch to another tty, but is that normal behaviour?
hola alguien me puede ayudar tengo una ati y no la puedo instalar
how do you install git?
everyone! having some slight trouble installing nvidia drivers in ubuntu 10.04... been all over the net doing countless tutorials but cant seem to get it... I have a nvidia gt520 and basically would like to get compiz going... any suggestions? much appreciated
有中国的吗
Is there a way to control which monitor things are being displayed on via the terminal? I don't want to have to go through NVIDIA server settings each time, and it would be nice to be able to have a nice button i could just click on =) and have both the laptop and external display clone each other =).
I need an extra repisotry for git?
Question - does GNash just work with Flash, or does it work with Shockwave items as well?
does anyone know any backtrack community?
there a way to resize the window of the command prompt so it dosent cover the whole window because i can grip the corner
Id like to read a file on the terminal, but using cat it scrolls way too fast.. Got any ideas to see a screen at a time?
If I'm dual booting Windows and Ubuntu and wanted to use one data storage hard disk partition from both systems, should I format the partition as ext4 or ntfs or some other? (I couldn't find any ext4 file system drivers for windows)
abla español por favor
can someone help me ?
how to identify which image mounted to specified loopback
m getting a 404 not found when trying to connect to the nautilus elementary ppa.  is it down?
how to configure internet connection sharing on ubunu?
I have a question! Gnome or KDE? :p
you hear the news? Microsoft just bought ubuntu
I am trying to install inspircd on 11.04 and it tells me that g++ is not installed, but it is, and I cannot install gcc, as the package is not found.
i need to know whare i can find some parentel software for ubuntu
issue... ubuntu 10.04 don't have graphical interface while running live CD.. how can I install ubuntu in such scenario?
I just installed gnome-shell + gnome3 on 11.04 qne qll is fine, but just one thing.. when I add software its good, but when i log out and back in, its gone from the gnome-shell (i can start just fine with terminal) anyone tryed this?
hello?
can i get firefox in other language
dupa
Steam is very, very, very laggy under wine. Is that fixable or not?
haq,If i install gentoo along side my ubuntu will  gentto automatically use the ubuntu swap partition for itself?
Hey all, How do I get into the Wine chat room?
I was wondering when I install ubuntu, what will the default shell be?  gnome or unity?  the live disc is gnome?
booting oneiric 11.10 caused a dbus error, does someone have the same problem ?
Intel Centrino2 Core 2 Duo 2.53Ghz, 2gb RAM 128mb video memory (possibly shared?), VM gets 1024mb RAM, 64/128mb video memory (tried both), updates OK, can't verify DirectX. dxdiag crashes the VM. Any ideas why?
i have a process called mmpong-gl, thats the client of the mmpong game, is consuming most than half the cpu process, but is closed, and killing it whit sudo kill `pidof mmpong-gl` does nothing
guys, anyone can tell me how can I mount an ISO file (extracted from an Audio CD) ? it doesn't work with mount -o loop
I'm trying to do data recovery on a corrupt ext3 partition. fsck complains of a bad superblock, but I know the file data is there (I can see it using foremost). Any tips on recovering a badly corrupted ext3 filesystem?
So, whats everyone using for an IRC client?
question, is there a dedicated irc channel for unity?
谁来侵入我，我看看怎么样？
i have a question if anyone can help me
someone help me
hi everybody, is it possible to run an application designed for ubuntu 10.04 on 11.04 (sort of a compatibility mode)?
anyone can help me
que ta, chicos es que tengo problemas con mi pc, que tiene nvidia 310M y desde la version pasada de ubuntu tengo problemas apra isntalar compiz, alguna recomendacion?
i shift deleted one file accidently....how to recover it
I need help
need help :-(
evening everybody. i hope someone can help. i have been running ubuntu 10.04 lts, and had to install fedora for work. not thinking properly, i let it install grub legacy in the MBR, so now when i try at select ubuntu i get an error 13.
Jest tu jakiś polak ??
I set up LVM with linuxmint-11-gnome-dvd-64bit
Just a quick question: How do I remove the user password from my Ubuntu 10.10? I'm really annoyed by the password pop-up everytime I'm trying to do anything :)
hi everybody i have a question which is not really related to ubuntu but i do not know where to ask. i  use skype in my everyday life and i wanted to switch away, maybe to google talk or whatever its colled. do you suggest it? what about the sound quality? Thanks in advace and sorry for being out of topic...
what was the bootfix command again? fixboot? (in cmd )
hello, how can I add a user to sudoer's list ?
Is a download for 10.10 still available somewhere?
canale italiano
how can i sync ipod touch?
anyone has google + invitation?
ubuntu support USB 3.0 out of the box?
I'm brand new to Linux. Can anyone help me install a java plugin for firefox
 what's the best system cleaner for Ubuntu
 is there a site available to see what version apt-get uses for a specific package?
Hi. Is there any difference between using the update manager or aptitude for updating an ubuntu system?
hey, ubuntu doesnt need antivirus right ?
esto q es o pa q es???
am I having problems cos I'm in ubuntu 7.1? nothing seems to work...
Hello. /me is on a 64b Kubuntu install, running ratpoison and a few ff tabs. I have rather expensive memory consumption of about 1GB. Is this normal with a lightweight window manager? I also see multiple processes of the same app in ps aux and htop. How do I optimize?
recently downgraded for firefox 4 to the default ubuntufox version, and now all of my adddons wont install, annoying restart loop that does nothing
buongiorno a tutti
Okay, how well does Natty run on a eMachines em250 laptop?
m looking for a program that will monitor my servers and then make graphs of their uptime which I can view from a browser. Anyone know of something like that? Ideally it would be as easy as possible to setup.
why doesn't apt-get install xmms give me a full working xmms?   i don't have any icons in sound + video
how do you upgrade 10.10 server to 11 server?
my bluetooth doesnt work says no adaptors found. should i install some package?
hatte gestern ein virus
Hello all.  I've got a Dell Optiplex GX620 running through a KVM, that I can't get Ubuntu 11.04 to give me a decent resolution on.  I'm assuming it can't tell what monitor i'm using because of the KVM.  Isn't there a way to tell Ubuntu to just use a higher resolution anyway?
do I show hidden files in nautilus?
How do I change the horrible GUI of ubuntu 11.04 to something more traditional?
yo mamafuckers
http://old-releases.ubuntu.com contain old packages for say 10.04?
how do i run my packge(directory) full of class files from command line on linux? i get ClassNotFoundException. ive tried to set CLASSPATH, ive tried to copy all the class files to the same dir that the java bin is in, not sure what i'm doing wrong and google isnt helping me either
 没有中文的吗？
are my options for DLNA Sharing in Ubuntu?
Hello all! I am using XAMPP for linux. PHP's mail function isn't working for me. Didn't change any config file that may have connection with it. Am I missing something? [Sorry, if it's not the right place to ask the question.]
i need a chan on this server to asking networkstuff. is there one? i have some questions
mia moglie per finta italiano
i just ran an update and grub now segfalts!!!!!
а где русский канал есть убунты?
can i acess my old files from windows?
is there an opensource graphing calculator?
Can someone guide me on how to use ubuntu file permissons as i'm finding it a pain..
someone help me with cs 1.6 on ubuntu 11.04 /low fps ~20
I'm trying to install PIP which requires me to locate the paths of various image libraries. My current method is to guess and check the locations specified in the package manager. Is there a better way?
ciao
sabe cual es el servidor de terra?...
whats the easiest way to mount a linux partition on a server on a windows machine? should i just use smb?
Отладил себе GUI Compiz-ом, частенько проавдают значки с рабочего стола, не могу ничего выделить на рабочем столе, в том месте, где стоит Cairo-dock, появляется черное поле, помогает релогин в систему, в чем мог ошибиться в конфиге Компиза, кто знает?
 is it possible to block every port besides ports 80 / 8080 with iptables? and if so, how would I do that (don't know my way around iptables)
hi looking for a cli app that can play video
how do I find out what pkgs are not in repo?
can help on gnome 3?
Hi, just installed the new version of Ubuntu 64 bit version on the laptop. Dvd doesnt seem to work, and theres no packages? was advised earlier before by somebody to goto a link but couldnt find a one suitable
Anyone here any good with procmail?
best,question - best irc client to use with Ubuntu?
hi guys, is there an ftp where i can get the latest ubuntu for my i7 64bit laptop
ciao a tutti...italian irc ubuntu?were is?
 can I have ubuntu live CD in USB drive? My CD drive doesn't work :(
como me conecto al servidro de radiognu.org
If I install Oneiric Oncelot beta 2 today, and simply keep it upgrading automatically, is it equivalent to install the final release?
java,how to install jre iin ubuntu?
how can i find out if im running a 32bit or 64bit version of ubuntu
what is the preferred website to paste screenshots?
a tutti
Does anybody know of a PPF patcher for linux?
Good news!  I have the transnote working! And only after three hours! :D  Now, what ubuntu type should I put in it?  It has a 600 MHz processor, a pentium IIIm I believe.  10 gig HDD.  191Mib ram.  any suggestions?
to setup the password for my nick? i am using IRS for the first time and i am confused :(
How do I tell what MAKE my harddrives are? (samesung, etc)
hello, I'm trying to compile simple module, but I can't because I need <linux/module.h>,  I've found this file in usr/src/   , it is. but I still receive error.   I've found two opinions in web: 1) says, I should only have linux-headers  2) I should compile my kernel.   as I understood first idea is wrong, because  I need full source code, to compile my module.  so I need compile kernel.  I didn't compile kernel yet, but I see that it's hard task.  have I right und
 Is it possible to upgrade from 32bit to 64bit? How about a cross-distro 32 to 64bit upgrade for example 32bit debian to 64bit ubuntu?
how do i chmod recursivly?
how can I share a internet connection on the other network users ?
all. I have a fresh Ubuntu 10.04 installation and a installed software named "ftp" is this a client or a server?
 hi all, how to find cd/dvd mount point in terminal?
Hey all. I get a weird sound error on my ubuntu server (running updated 10.04). FATAL_ERROR: no valid sound driver. How do I fix this?
you tale me how to upgrade  to lucid where do i start?
Hello, I've got an ubuntu 10.04 64 bit with a nvidia geforce GTS 450. Now I'd like to install the proprietary drivers. Is it sufficient to just install nvidia-current via apt-get (and do i have to edit my X config afterwards or should I stick with the drivers from the nvidia website?
I just recently installed ubuntu and I was wondering, first, if I should install some kind of anti virus program and, if so, which?
fr,just a question, where is the french canal for ubuntu !? how can i join him !?
10,I've lost my clock at the top panel :( in new oneiric.. a recent upgrade has removed it
hey all, is this the proper channel to ask Ubuntu Server questions in?
know anything about soft/sym links...?
alguien que halla probado la beta de ubuntu 11.10 y halla podido hacer funcionar wepcrack
Hy! I'm trying to install ubuntu on a friend's machine whitch have a RadeonHD 2600 Pro. When I boot the natty livecd compiz loads but complately unusable, graphical glitches, freezes, etc...  but if I put the lucid disc in, it works well with compiz, without problems... any idea how to get it work on natty?
kernel version is Ubuntu 10.04 using right now?
if i use cat /proc/cpuinfo, is the prossesor that show how many operations my cpu can run ?
hey guys, just installed 11.04 and this new interface is garbage.  maybe mac fanboys will like this dumbed down nonsense but come on.  how do i switch back to normal gnome ??
please help me
I keep getting logged out randomly (possibly related to flash), this is on 11.04 - anyone know which error logs I should be checking/what I should be looking for?
alguem ae ?
anyone help me fix my boot folder which was deleted by accident?
10,hi. I am running Ubuntu 11.10 Beta1 and recently I noticed that the Ubuntu normal login isn't presented as a choice for login. I have Gnome shell (with and without effects and recovery), and Ubuntu 2D. I use the fglrx driver which seems to work fairly ok. Anyone have a suggestion on what packages I should try to reinstall to get Unity reinstalled ?
hello all...i installed tuquito an OS based on ubuntu but when i install nvidia drivers on it ,it says that driver is installed but isnt in use ?!
Friends! I have downloaded Nvidia drivers from Nvidia's official website! How would one go about to install the driver ?
How do I get into the que for a fairly simple question?
hey clicking on random sites can sometimes give you viruses or install stuff on your computer correct?
everyone, I need to dualboot windows 7 and Ubuntu and need to install windows 7 from an usb stick, actually tho I have no BIOS option to boot from an USB stick, I happen to see that someone managed to "achieve" this using grub, what would i have to do to make grub2 boot the windows installer from the usb stick?
There is some problem in burn the iso image into a DVD instead of a CD?
10,Hello. Afrer update to 11.10 libreoffice opening documents very slowly and get many CPU time. What i should to do? (Sorry for my english)
there a software to see the power(watt) of my computer?
is there a flash banner  maker?
hello, any help for software disk recovery ?
wszystkich
Let's say I wanna wipe this hard drive clean, and start again. Let's also say I want to be able to restore it in case I mess up ( disk image ) but I also want to be able to access all these files from the new OS in case everything goes well ( normal copy/paste ). And let's say I don't have enough disk space for both a disk image and a copy/paste. Then what?
buttplug in yo butt
i nam looking for some help
i get an error
10,Hi all, I'm facing this problem on Oneiric with Skype. Can't get it to start. Here is the error.
Who Speak Spanish?+
I update a WUBI 10.10 into 11.04?
giv u blow job
got a boner sein gu 
clitoris rub cock
hey, i need some help connecting to a irc chat server with xchat
как узнать характеристики компа на Linux
всем
Sup fagz
hi, I've installed 11.04 on my computer, and I'm wondering if there's a way I can set it up to always boot into CLI? I'm using it as a server and the X window is just extra memory/cpu I don't need. I googled and only thing I found was to try "$sudo update-rc.d -f gdm remove" but that didn't work... it's still going to the standard login
here use backtrack linux
Does anyone know of a way to recover files from a corrupted partition without losing filenames and directory structure?
Um, how do I rename my computer
there currently any 'for purchase' apps in the software-center? i've never seen any. is there a separate repository?
buenas
are they a way to update to 11.04 but still have stuff from 10.10 i think unity is to much like Windows 7 :)
linux distro is the best on driver support
Hey all.  I hope I'm not breaking protocol here, but I'm wondering if anyone would like a Google+ invite.  If you would, PM me here or e-mail me at ircgplus@wabbit.com.  (This is not a scam; I'm not a spammer, and you can use "disposable" addresses if you want -- the invites are not bound to the initial e-mail address.)
how to install python in ubuntu
anyone tell me how to change the partition the machine boot in to?
hey can someone help me please
Will user cron jobs be run when the user is not logged in?
guys, under additional drivers I installed the NVIDIA driver but it says: "This driver is activated but not currently in use."
Anyone have an invitation from Google+ to give me?
any body polish people?
to open .qch/.chm files in Ubuntu
is there any good theme manager for ubuntu/gnome ?
i need to make a backup from backup
it possible to compile flex 4.5 in ubuntu? openjdk or sun java?
can someone point me in the direction of the 11.04 grub.config location?
can somebody help me
wine,What program is for running windows programs on ubuntu?
excuse me can I use the alien starship with ubuntu?
anyone here using bumblebee?
just installed ubuntu minimal installation and i want to install graphic card drivers for the Intel Corporation Mobile 945GME. can anyone help please?
Is there a way to backup my current ubuntu install exactly how it is to have the same system if it crashed
Hi, is it possible to burn ubuntu to a live dvd rather than a cd?
torrent client on ubuntu has local peer discovery feature ?
Cumjunkie
Fucktoy
Hello trying to log into root with terminal not working, used command su then tried typing in a pw not working anyway to change this opw ?
is this the support chanel?
do I check to see if a particular video card is among the known and accepted models?
what causes skype to crash?
I am using Ubuntu 10.4  I want to move the windows  minimize maximize close button to right side. How to do this ?
you help me with registring my accout?
Guys, how to swich froem gnome to oanother enviroment?? I have gnome and isntalled LXDE
quand je démarre, je reste bloqué à l'écran violet, je pense que c'est à cause du raid5 mais je n'ai aucun moyen de switch sur un terminal pour voir ce qu'il se passe.
do i switch back to the gnome layout on ubuntu
What is the default IRC program with Ubuntu?
which one is beter.network conection manager that came with ubuntu.or wiicd?
do I take screenshots?
one question: do you know if there is an italian channel to chat?
can someone tell me the channel for ATMega8
!! can speak spanish??
hey guys im trying to recover a usb drive that is not showing up with fdisk -l dmesg doesnt say aything about it either..what should I do next? I dont think I can run ddrescue bc I dont know the dev name and lsusb doesnt show it either..but it does power on but it does not get past the 'welcome' screen.
I was wondering does ubuntu run on a pc running the new i7 or i# any number cpu?
have a messed up grub after formatting my linux partition. So right now I have Windows on another partition and a non-functioning grub. Can I fix grub and get it to boot up my Windows partition?
does wine play world of warcraft well?
Hello I just installed 11.04 and want to install sun java jre but I can't find it in repos? what to do =[
know how to display cpu temperature on the panel?
How do I install .bin files? like java?
10,hey, how can I choose the gnome shell as standard-desktop with autologin in 11.10?
this the right room for ubuntu server related questions, too?
How are you all? Each and every one of you. I want to know how you all are
 ж лтменяет операции с дисками?!
me, is natty LTS?
any one can learn me in backtrack
is anyone familiar with chromium-browser?
downloaded the 11.04 installer, and about 80% through it popped up and said something like the package deforma is broken, and then it said i was done, but then it also said it didnt install a boot loader. Haas anyone else had this experience? Should I go to 10.04 and then upgrade to 11?
The size of my OpenOffice.org Base database is 107.5 MB. So far OO.o Base > Tools > Options > OpenOffice.org > Memory > (Options - OpenOffice.org - Memory) > Graphics cache > Use for OpenOffice.org defaults to 20 MB. Is it wise to raise this value?
Hello everyone. Today my Ubuntu 10.04 doesnt work, and I am sure I havent done anything strange yesterday. When I get to the grub screen, If I select any of the Ubuntu entries it just waits... and waits... and then spits out a list of errors, like it can't read sda and stuff. But if I select the windows entry that OS works fine. Right now I am using the Ubuntu live-cd and from here I can see all the files in my hard disk
I use any burning program like Nero to burn a DVD to be either playble music in Audio player and OS booting disk for computer?
Is there any way to specify (without including it in the package name), either directly in the yum command line or in yum.conf, which architecture it should assume when requested to install packages?  The default behavior of "install everything I can get my hands on" is frustrating.
Is there a way to play bluray in linux/ubuntu?
is backtrack?
did the name change, or is libre office completely different than openoffice?
does anyone know how to install vistualbox on backtrack
qualkuno?
Can someone please tell me if there is a standard way to get GPG keys for the Ubuntu repositories?
Hi, how can i shut down the displaymanager? I switched with alt f1, and used sudo gdm stop. But it says failed to aquire ...
credentials are saved in ~/.purple/accounts.xml for empathy or finch?
Ny channel for computer architecture?
Ok, have this really strange question I'm hoping you guys can help with....is there a way to make a sort of pipe that when someone does fopen like a normal file, it runs a program and connects to its stdin/out?
says that firefox 3.6 is the latest one .. how can I update to firefox 4 ?
Hi ALL, I have a question on iso. Where can I find 11.04 image for Sparc?
Hey there, does anyone here perhaps have any website hosting experience that they would like to share?
there a way to access the app repository from a browser?
bonjour
is there a channel for musicians?
ubuntu-11.04-desktop-amd64.iso be booted on a core i3 processor? or should i use the ubuntu-11.04-desktop-i386.iso image?
boa tarde
olha ate da para voce usar no ubuntu
new user in linux / ubuntu 11.4, But i can not play any video?plz helpme.
do enybody help me?
hey guys. i am quite new to linux. i have opened a manuel with the "man" command, but how to close the man again?
steam going to be ported to linux?
what might be causing the installer for TurboPrint to terminate on my Mint 11 system?  my wife's (also running Mint 11) system the installer ran just fine.
why didnt the install ask me to set a pass for root?
do you change the linux 'bloop' sound?
who could help about cut command, please?
how do you post a question on the Ubuntu forums?
, know where I can get the "list" of irc rooms?
I have a partition that I created with gparted that I can't use.  How can I change permissions?
Which is the best video downloader for ubuntu..?
guys, how can i install mysql on ubuntu ?
hola
quien habla español
may not be the right channel for this but does ne one know if there is a FreeBSD channel somewhere?
Is there an easy way to back-up ubuntu and all installed programs, or atleast a list of all installed programs so I can easily install them all later?
Здравствуйте, подскажите пожалуйста как перейти на русский канал убунту
ubuntu 11.04 -- how to check what graphics driver i am using? Additional Drivers program shows i am not using proprietary yet Unity is working fine, which the program claims it won't.
i recently inherited a ubuntu 9.04 server, i was wondering how i go about upgrading it since the repos no longer exist?
is anyone about to help plz??????
there a way to remove the "workspace switcher" "applications" and "files and folers" items from the new sidebar in 11.04?
how to check a file in which package in ubuntu
hi someone french 6
anyone know if you can stream netflix? maybe with wine?
If you accidentally gave root a password, how do you change it back to "as installed"?
if I boot a computer with the Ubuntu live CD, will I be able to install/otherwise use an additional .deb package?
Buggery
Cock Snot
 I upgraded to 11.04 this morning and I'm lost. I don't find my settings, no task bar and that launcher is too slow, I'd like to have my old launcher-bar back =( is that possible? and where can I change the workspace-settings? I need 6 of them and I don't want the switch to be animated
what is the  command for  upgrading distro? is it sudo apt-get dist-updgrade?
channel spanish?
guys on my android phone so tough to type i got a long boot time off ubu 11.04 and flashing scroll and caps lock. cant do anything. comes after i press numlck getting wierd lzma errors
how do i change the size of the fonts in my terminal on ubuntu-classic?
I just installed LTS in VirtualBox(OSX), added a host-only adapter - and still can't ssh to the new machine.  What do i need to do to allow sshing?  (ssh is running)
eveone. Is anyone can help me with xorg.conf configuration on ubuntu 10.04
pessoal boa tarde
Hii guys I have some trouble with my mic.I cant record anything.Its a working mic,because it works fine in windows
 apps turn white when i open 3-5 of them, how do i fix that?
can I fix the task bars in the new release so it dont look like a messed up version of mac
Hi, I'm having an issue with banshee, I am unable to transfer music to my iPhone, it comes up with the error: " the mp3 format is not supported by the device, and no coverter was found to convert it"
s wrong with Gnome 2?
hi, I'm trying to upgrade an old dapper LTS server to hardy, it seems to be broken. Does anyone have some advice?
How do I forcefully close an open application? Sort of a CTRL+ALT+DEL method.. ?
all, any quick answer: trying to setup VirtualBox in Vista but error : "more than one instance"?
I am dualbooting win7 and natty, i installed windows first, then installed ubuntu. (i have 3 partitions, 40g for win, 20g for natty, and 240g NTFS for shared data)... somehow the 100mb system reserved partition vanished after i installed linux. and grub does not show my win7 installation. I have to reinstall windows, but afterwards, what do i have to do to reinstall grub (after windows over writes it)????
how can i backup a list of all packages on the system for the purpose of restoration?
here using pithos?
Can *anyone* help me a bit with fstab ??
anyone else think that unity is awesome?
has any got crossover games running CSS?
Max / Min on the left top? argh.. how to move that back to Right side?
this system fuckin rocks
type of software do i need to get inorder to host a web page
Hi everyone. I want to install Ubuntu on a notebook PC currently running windows. When I download Ubuntu from the website, it always downloads the desktop version. Is this version appropriate for notebook PCs?
i cannot make some dvds work ... i installed all the libs, vlc, etcc..   i use natty 11.4 ... thx
 I have put floppy module in the blacklist.conf but it still loads when I boot up. What seems to be wrong?
is there a way to tell apt to hold certain packages back forever?
I'll put this another way. How do I revert to the Gnome Classic desktop on natty, please?
anyone assist me?
somebody from brazil here? (;
there is someone from the Ukraine, and Russia?
it,come vi sembra ubuntu 11.04??
9/11 was an inside job
Hey folks, I just installed Ubuntu 10.10 on my desktop. Wondering how I could go about getting ATI drivers for my HD6850? I come from a Win background so i got no idea :S
the ubuntu chat room ?
ciao a tutti
i am using eeebuntu (aurora os) , i need to install okular. the preset repositories in synaptic only have eeebuntu repositories. how can i enable the ability to install okular ?
body know how to download video youtube in ubuntu?
how do you probe for another OS?
Hey guys, I seem to be having a problem. I installed ubuntu 11.04 yesterday, got diablo 2 to install, downloaded a couple of free gnome programs, and then shut down. Went back to in this morning and now the operating system wont load, I just get a blinking cursor
there a security benefit to using the shred utility to securely wipe a hard drive over simply using the dd command and zero-fillling it or filling it with random data from /dev/random?
FBI用的是什么操作系统？
Just wondering, is there a reason why Gnome is no longer the default wm?
command do I use to find a folder's owner?
I have 4gb ram and I want a swap partition of equal size so I can hibernate if needed, what is the exact number in mb that I need to use in the partitioner, as I am a little confused with 4096 not really equalling 4gb
Does anyone know how many files i can have per directory? using 10.04 and ext4 , Wikipedia says 4 Billion, but is that for the FS as a whole or per Directory?
there a command similair to ipconfig /all in windows that will list connection info so i can set up a static ip
how can i change my root password  ?
is dracut in use by default these days?
to register?
我不会英文额
10,How do you create a new launcher in 11.10 Alpha 2?
, estoy en ubuntu con xchat , alguien me  puede decir como conectarme a irc-hispano , gracias
hi how do i get sound in ubuntu?
en español
know when Java 1.7 will enter the repositories?
how do you paste bin?
i need a encoder to rip mves and encode in H.246 from a dvd
guys Banshee or Clementine ? which one do you like most?
could I get some help..
where can I find a xchat roomr?
not working anybody helpme
so before ubuntu switched to grub2, i used to use the 9.04 live cd to configure grub on different partitions.   How do I do it now?
kann mir jemand helfen? ich habe ubuntu 11.04 auf dem Rechner und will ein 2GB Image auf eine 4GB SD Karte übertragen. Beim DD Befehl kommt nach ein paar Sekunden: Auf dem Gerät ist kein Speicherplatz mehr verfügbar...
wanna uninstall Unity and go back to Gnome 3 in Ubuntu 11.04...how to do so?
A quick question: which kernel version is the latest that a regular Ubuntu-user (not developer) should use?
I can't figure out how to get this to run the resolution the monitor's capable of, it refuses to go higher than 1024x768 and whenever I tried messing with xorg.conf it made things worse
a good wine channel
is Mozilla Thunderbird included in the new Ubuntu software update policy?
how to connect to wifi
there ubuntu room for chinese?
can anyone tell me how to rmdir with other dir inside, was reading about and saw -r mentioned, but that doesnt work and the man shows -p which i dont quite understand
I've upgraded to natty, and I'm getting grub rescue> now. one guide on the web says to sudo grub after booting off live cd, but I've got no such command
(This is my first ever time on IRC so apologies if I break some kind of rule) I feel like fresh installing 11.10 today -currently running 10.10-. Is it relatively stable enough at this point for everyday use?
hallo all, im new with ubuntu where does my file "land" when i do the mv file.extension .file.extenseion ?
Clit Licker
Shit Fucker
how do i register a new username
can I find help about gnome3 on ubuntu 11.04?
do you guys support oneiric users?
lo all.  My google-fu is weak today.  I want to run a script as root on login (i have autologin enabled).  I tried to put it in the startup tool, but it wont work, i then tried putting sudo in front, and it wont work. (i assume its asking for my password).  I know there is init.rc, but im not exactly sure what to look for
i need some help plz
1,hello. Does this channel provide support for Oneiric?
hi.  when I press ctrl-alt-f[whatever] to open up a terminal, the resolution is messed up and doesn't show the whole screen if that makes sense.  anyone know where I should start to troubleshoot this?
here experienced with setting up an Alfa AWUS036H wireless usb device on 11.04?
how do i set the default de to classic?
wired genius mouse dosnt work in new ubuntu installition(not even the live mode) while works in win xp !! any ideas?
anybody here expert about proxies?
haai. ive been here before. im trying to install the sims 3 using wine. wine is intalled, i put the sims 3 cd in and i cant find the location of the .exe file. i type in terminal "wine sims3.exe" it cant find it. where can i possibly find the .exe file? or can i download it somewhere
slave a tutti ho istallato lubuntu, è qui dove si possono trovare le soluzioni?
is here Russian?
what is the best download maneger in ubuntu 11.04?
i have a maverick computer... i want latest ubuntu what should i replace maverick with in sources.list to update?
do I track which process is eating out my CPU time and RAM in a postmortem manner?
Hi, is there a way (and maybe a link to a howto) to make a modem automatically pick up a blind-dial call from another modem directly connected?
does any 1 do freelance work?
sound on my computer doens't work.. how do I get it working again? can anyone help?
What do I do when I can't access the windows portion of my drive
Heya folks, i am having this problem while installing ubuntu natty from a .iso which is stored in a harddisk partition - There was a problem reading data from the CD-ROM, i am using vmlinuz and initrd.gz of a hd-media
everyone. Is there a linux tool that will allow me to create a multiplataform presentation?
bom dia
i am soooo irked with my kid.
just upgraded from 10 to version 11 of ubuntu (this is a desktop) and now I have this weird dock thing on the left side of my screen.  how do i convert back to normal?
can someone help me i had a queston with the terminal
hi need help..Is der any software to recover formatted data ??
 is there any way to dualboot ubuntu desktop and ubuntu server?
how do i set up the correct access rights for a web project so www-data and I can access and create files?
anyone here use wicd ?
 i have a serious issue with battery consumption on natty current kernel. How can i install a Lucid kernel <2.6.33 ??
anyone have a Samsung Series 9 ???
heya, just installed ubuntu and I misclicked at the package step, I didn,t install anything while i wanted to install LAMP, do I have to do something like apt-get install php5 apache2 mysql-server or theres a generic lamp package name?
do I see what the settings of openssh is?
hello i have a question
este irc es en español¡?
does calatlyst tell me i have to reboot if i want to change something in my dual screen setup? for instance enabeling another screen
有人在吗
My computer isn't turning on any more -- it powers up but no output to monitor. Not a PSU nor Video card issue -- no obvious defects on RAM, Mobo, nor CPU, and with RAM out I get no beep message (I am as of yet unsure the mobo even has a speaker on it) Could anyone point me to what the problem may be?
it possible to change from unity to classic from the terminal? and other way? Or do you have to log out
question: I am running out of space on my 'boot' drive. Never had this happen before but I think it has to do with the ecrypt that I ran on setup. Doesn't it set up a tiny boot partion that checks for pw and then bootstraps the whole drive once verified? Anyway I look at this boot drive and its filled with files like vmlinuz and Gzip archives. What can I delete safely
hi, does anyone know how i can make ssh server accessible anywhere? thanks
 trying to install simcity 3000 for ubuntu 11.04, getting error message after mount->"sh setup.sh" This installation doesn't support unknown on Linux / x86_64, what does this mean?
would someone be so kind as to remind me of the code to change the maximise/minimise etc buttons back to the right hand side after an upgrade to narwhal
hey , i wana change my grub order , but i cant find the "grub.conf" in /boot/grub
speak french
hello.  I upgraded to 11.10 from 11.04.   But after logging in, metacity is running, not compiz.  I can manually run compiz --replace, but thought compiz is now the default.  Any hints as to where I should look to debug this? thanks.
hey there, i completely destroyed my wifi capability's. How can i restore it to the default drivers etc. Tried to get ndiswrapper running due to slow wifi speed bug (Intel 3945) but right now I have no wifi at all
xchat irc is unable to connect to internet....wat's the reason??
can anyone tell me i m registered on irc or not
Is there a way to prevent apt-get/dpkg from install certain package names?
 What is different with the ubuntu-11.04-alternate downloads?
is there any program with gui that can open multiple terminals and i can customize buttons that give some command sequences into terminals?
Is there any way i can startup ubuntu without X?
question, i have 10.10 installed as 11.04 install is so dim i cant see hardly anything (and yes, laptop is plugged in :p ) when "support" stops, does that mean that the packages etc wont update any longer ?
portuguese speaking?
Is there any way to undo a rm -rf?
i press my date&time "button" at the panel. it opens the calendar. thats cool, but now that window is at right up corner!? O.o how i can adjust it?
Hey guys, help me find song please :) I remember that name of singer may include "elvis"; music video was: people dancing inside yellow rooms in big shelve; release date 2000-2005
i need to get an opensource driver for my graphics card, desktop movement is really sketchy
am using EasyBCD from Windows 7 to put Ubuntu back in the GRUB but when starting up it says something along the lines of "try hdd(0,0): EXT2:"
please msg me if you know how to use ubuntu backtrack on a flashcard(not usb)
how can i fix a ntfs filesystem on one of my internal drives? i homehow damaged it
I reinstall, can I keep all my programs/settings?
okay, this is not a troll: Has anyone here made the transition from GNOME 2 to Unity and preferred Unity?
Hi.im really very new to linux.i installed ubuntu yesterday.i cant open my word document
have only ssh access should i just sudo do-release-upgrade?
hey i have a probleme
че по русски никто не пишет что ли бля
 its possible to run .exe files? i need to work..==(
who is the channel of the ubuntu in spanish ?
just about everything stopped working after ubuntu upgraded itself to natty narwhal. Most of that seems fixed now, given that I'm here talking about it. Empathy now hangs on startup, and that didn't happen before
i can play counter strike on ubuntu 11.04
ребята,как воткнуть docky из 11.04 с его доклетами на 10.10?
im running 11.04 and bluez 4.91 is installed by default....there are known problems with this and the temp solution is to downgrade to 4.69 Butt Fuck Slaptard
and "lock it"   can someone help me do this...right now my bluez 4.91 is still installed
TB 5.0 available in 11.04 ?
which is the best RAT can anyone
how do i install lubuntu restricted extras on lubuntu 11
there something like system restore on ubuntu?
Hi all.  Can anyone help me get rid of unity and the launcher, without losing compiz?
how do i get python 2.7 on my ubuntu box? Why is it that some ubuntu boxes have 2.7 but some have 2.6?
to use pen drive to install ubuntu?
Do I have to give up certain software when I switch from Gnome/KDE to LXDE ? Can I use the same software ?
is there a playstation emulator for xubuntu?
I tried to manually start gnome-panel and the computer freezes, then I try reinstalling gnome-panel (after hard reboot) and still broken... what do I try now?
can anybody help me with my sound please. i have sound only in vlc and when i test it with gstreamer properties ...
any nvidia graphic card wizard in?
all, what is the best way to get gnome 3.0 on ubuntu? is it still adding the gnome 3 team ppa?
am I right that it's not possible to get an bootable ubuntu live installer usb stick image without already having a working ubuntu installation (and the startup disk maker)?
if i want to try out gnome 3 on 11.04 i can always revert back to unity with ease correct?
everyone, I typed in command line "Symlink" but I get an error which is "command not found" How I can install symlink ?
qndo rodo uma pagina que usa cgi, aparece a opção de download :/
hey guys, i watch alot of internet radio with video, what program would you guys recomend me using?
know if ubuntu is ever going to use gnome 3 ?
hey there.. is there no control panel in ubuntu anymore?
Question: Why when adding a user he's automatically added to a group by his username and not added to the "users" group?
have a web server using ubuntu server, the hardware is constantly failing and I want to transfer the site to another computer with ubuntu on it. Is there a easy way of transferring the programs from one server to other?
boa tarde coloquei um repositorio  e agora esta dando este erro  "E:Tipo 'ain' não é conhecido na linha 1 na lista de fontes /etc/apt/sources.list.d/kiwixteam-ppa-natty.list' "
What package does aclocal belong to?
a tutti
Can someone point me to a link for how to configure smb.conf in Natty?
guys how do i  register my nickname
cant install webmin? I get some error about could not lock /var/lig/dpkg/lock ...
anybody interested in answering an openvpn config question, running ubuntu server 64 in PM?
Any ideas on why apptitude and apt-get dont recognized that gcc 4.5.2 is not the most current version
am running natty, but want to run a version of a package from oneric.  Is there a way to use the oneric repository for just one package?  (I checked the dependancies, it should be fine.)
help me
Anyone able to help with ipv6 issues?
have a Wubi installation, and I forgot where I installed it to on my NTFS drive. Anyway, df /host indicates that I have 42GB of space available, but Nautilus (and Ubuntu, through low disk space warnings) indicates that I have only 2.3 GB available. Am I missing something?
qué tal.
quick question, will 32bit version of ubuntu work with 8 gigs of ram?  and will it be able to address all 8gigs?
all I recently removed pulseaudio on natty and now I don't have any audio. I was told I needed to set all applications to ALSA but am confused how to do that. Nub to linux and natty. Any help appreciated!
why can't I see jdk in ubuntu 10.10?
were is a french server ?
i'm having problems booting only when usb devices are attached, can I fix this with grub? Is it likely irq interrupts hanging the kernel boot?
how do i apply chmod permission for all the subdirectories of the directory?
1,Has anyone experienced difficulty getting (ICS) Internet connection sharing to work in the beta 1 development
there a way i can prevent data being written to the MBR ? from say, a windows installation ?
I did apt-get update then upgrade. afterwards I went to shutdown and just got black screen so I shut off my lappy. now it wont boot regular but recovery will boot. from reco I resumed normal boot and gave me command. I did sudo startx and the proper files appeared to load but then just blank screen. Help me please. im running mint 11 which is basically ubuntu with a diff ui
anyone know how to make sound louder in ubuntu 11.04... I have it set to max in sound preferences
11.10,Does Ubuntu 11.10 first beta comes out in 3 days? ^^
ciao a tutti
anyone know of any nice icon themes for gnome, (desktop icons/folders, etc)?
there a linux based peice of software for backing up a ntfs formatted disk, and ignoring free space (ie not raw) ?
Any of you try out Thunderbird Conversations 2.0? Fantastic. Really gives Tbird a google-ized facelift
Hi, I need to install some packages in my ubuntu 8.10 server, but while doing apt-get update it gives a 404 error
m running ubuntu on a chromebook, so I'm using the chromeos' linux kernel. I'm noticing the kernel version I'm using doesn't match the installed linux-libc-dev version, but there isn't a package available to install for a version that far back (2.6.28.3+). so I probably shouldn't be building anything that uses the kernel header files, right? I mean its only slightly minor versins but...
how to install font "Old English Text MT"?
Hi, could anyone help me? I'm get trouble on setup printer server on ylmf os. Fyi, I'm using Dlink printer server on my network.
there a PPA to install gnome3 on 10.04?
how do i run .msi file ?
hi, does anyone here help me installing Gnome3 in ubuntu 10.10
guys what's a lightweight video editor i can use for ubuntu
Need some help on something that's really rare and I doubt anyone here has used or knows much about.  NUbuntu.
en que canal en español me pueden ayudar ?
please walk me through creating a windows share?  It seems straightforward, but I'm failing hard.
i want just update one package and not want to install all updates. apt-get upgrade XXX not work ? what'is correct  command
running natty with the 2.6.39 pae kernel. My ALPS Glidepoint touchpad is improperly detected as a PS2 mouse. Is there a definitive fix for this yet? I'm still Googling and it seems like a wild goose chase. Sure would like to be able to scroll with the touchpad :(
know what channel the debian packaging experts hang out on?  I think one of them might be able to help me.
anyone want to talk about wave partical duality?
Is there a way I can make a bin bash script execute @ ALT+F2 when I type in the name of the script and hit enter?
do I add widgets to the toolbar in Unity?
hum... what's the apt-get command to keep a package back (if i don't want netatalk to be upgraded ?)
I am running Ubuntu 10.04 LTS Server Edition, which firewall software would you recommend for easy management?
know anything about OS virtualization?
vlc is now at 1.10 but 1104 is still at 1.09. why
как взломать рамблер почтУ?
do you install ubuntu on a usb drive where you want to preserve the data on the drive and not format it
so how do i update to 11.04 ?apparently dist-upgrade doesn't upgrade
should one allow the fsck to run (after a certain amount or reboots) in a wubi install?
logging mechanism is the standard one in ubuntu? rsyslog?
what's with #ubuntu-unregged? was there a spambot attack?
Anyone wanna help me with a printer question?
s the package name for a low resource system to run Ubuntu Classic desktop (non-Unity), I can't rememer what it is?
does anyone know how to install gnome 3 on ubuntu 11.04?
would someone be able to answer questions regarding iptables regarding using my ubuntu as a gateway or is there a more appropriate channel?
anyone know why bash dosn't open when i put the "bash" command into the terminal?
ciao a tt
Hello - I am using some other distro rather than Ubuntu but it is Ubuntu based. The only problem is that it does not have Canonical download manager. How could I install in into my other distro?
the difference between the currently-installed libre office programs and the package 'libreoffice' in universe?
Hi! I added the gnome 3 ppa yesterday, installed gnome-shell and upgraded whole system. Something is messed up (touchpad doesn't work as it should, windows decoration etc.).  How can completely remove ubuntu-desktop ubuntu-netbook gnome-shell gnome 3 and every other desktop environment and install it from scratch?
how do i change rooms?
es,hola amigos soy nuevo en en ubuntu quisiera saver donde esta el chat en español
Is the Minimal CD supported officially by Ubuntu?
where can i find a s/w for telugu fonts??
using gnome-shell on Oneiric atm?
i am in need of solving a network related problem with ubuntu server and windows vista laptop
Bonjour, j'ai une pièce avec 4 PC dedans, j'ai un pc relié par CPL avec ma Box, j'aimerais connaître un moyen de duppliquer la connexion Internet pour l'offrir aux autres PC, que puis-je faire ?
 I need help with my webcam, can anybody help me out?
anyone know x11 in ssh any?
hello everyone, i have 3 partitions for ubuntu 10.10 (swap, /, /home) and i am dual booting with win7,, can i install natty alongside these by formatting /home ??
 alguien habla español?
ubuntu en español ¿?
anyone here help me with a problem?
NEED HELP) im trying t run wine but when i try to open up it says  something about a xecutable bit
Hi, did the recent updates in oneiric brake light themes? None of the icons are appearing for me.
холи щеет
 what's the F1..12 key for getting into GRUB?  I can't recall it, and need into Unetbootin to update.
is there an easy, user-friendly firewall to get started with?
hallo, spricht hier jemand deutsch?
there. Is there any way to install Ubuntu Server 10.04 LTS onto the USB Flash stick and use it as its HDD? I also want to preinstall some packages and my own upstart job
need french channel please
does desktop users in ubuntu need proxy server while surfing internet?
un qui parle français svp ? J'ain une petite question
Does anyone have a moment to help with a usb wireless card?
Hello all.while trying to install kubuntu,I get grub rescue prompt after it said install complete.I also have windows on this hd.can someone please help me.am using my phone..pls bear my late responses.thanks.
there a good and *easy to use* program for creating circuit schematics? this Cirkuit program or how it is called is a latex thing... I just want to click my resistors, transistors, wires etc without latex and stuff
is there anybody can help me ?
anyone experience video performance issues on a notebook?
can I install gnome 3 on Ubuntu then ?
someone speak portuguese
what is the name of that icon with network settings in gnome?
s the equivalent to "~/.bashrc" on the "sh" shell?
is there a way for me to install gnome 3 onto my ubuntu 11.04 system?
Hey people do you guys know how to add a user as root without being root? I'm in a thin client network.
can I get support for configuring Ubuntu 10.10 correctly for my hardware?
on ubuntu 10.10 sound doesnt work on my acer laptop, how do i troubleshoot
Hi , how do i make sure my Ubuntu installation is using USB 2.0+ ?
scrotum sex
need help in spanish please
i need help with usb. lsusb shows a device as "Bus 002 Device 005" but where is this mounted? /dev/tty..?? help please! been lost for hours.
how to rename all files like this pullups.xml.xml.xml.xml.xml in pullups1.xml ? please help
 anyone in the mood for helping me understand what the fuck is going wrong with my internet connection? :)
il y a des francais dans le coin ?
how do I boot up without the gui so I can change the video card drivers?
polisch?
knob end nigga
omg penis piss poop
s hit
smegma spunk tit
How can i send commands to several ssh boxes?
how do i give someone sudoer access?
 I just formated my usb drive but cannot write to it.. Any ideas?
Hi. Can I get some help with grep here?
hi, can someone recommend a good rss reader for ubuntu?
how can i on command line with ssh ignore a host key verification error
hi guys, I got an issue plugging my Samsung galaxy S2 with Ubuntu 11.04 (actually Linux Mint)
Is there anyway to get back to gnome?
brand would be recommended for a usb wifi adapter when on ubuntu 10.04?
Hi all. Can anyone give me an idiots guide to Cmake? I'm trying to install Dolphin from source via this guide: http://code.google.com/p/dolphin-emu/wiki/Linux_Build
my /etc/grub.d is empty, what package should I reinstall to repopulate it?
there any way to install gvim telling it to use my compiled vim instalation? vim-gnome/vim-gtk breaks with command-t and I can't seem to find any way to fix this shit
so does any1 know where to find a driver for the atheros AR8152 wireless card for backtrack5 thats built in ubuntu?
how do i use the terminal as root? (not sure what that means) but i need to do something that requires root access.
upgraded to 11.04.. I need sudo right w/o password, for which I used NOPASS in /etc/sudoers, but right now it shows commentary that all modifications should be made in /etc/sudoers.d.. Can I create a file in there that says no password for %admin ?
Hi..I want to upgrade the BIOS of my Dell vostro 1400.The updates provided by dell are to be installed from windows.Can I upgrade it via ubuntu by any method ?
Before I ask this question its kind of long. About 7 to 9 lines. Is that a problem? or do I need to put it in that note thing online (I forget the website now)
it possible to uninstall Unity?
how do I activate my nvidia driver
hi....once on a month i get possibly kernel panic...my computer freezes and the ony i can do is to push reset button....why that's happening?
someone here who speaks german?
buenas noches , alguien de habla español?
Hi, maybe you know what the shortcuts for zooming in.out in Ubuntu 11.04?
s the status of NTFS support nowadays?
hi, im using mobile fone as a modem but some web sites arent loading in ubunutu.....other than using opendns does anyone have any ideas how to sort this out?
Hi, any know if there is any software that can suggest that I should stop using my computer and do some pause-movements (e.g. to prevent neck damage)? (i did a fast google search and some synaptic word searches)
s talk Ubuntu vulnerability.. does anyone have the same problem if idle, the screen goes black, but when the mouse or keyboard are moved you have access to the desktop for 10-20 seconds, then out of no where the Login Prompt appears?
Does anyone know what would keep me from being able to move my windows? I made some changes in compiz config settings manager, and I changed them back, but I still can't drag any windows
Boa Noite!!!
I get a hand setting up samba?
how do i remove gnome3 its causing me problems it didnt install correctly and now i cant update my system
is there anyway to get World of Warcraft to work on Linux
to i find C programming chat room
is there a way to get root privilages through terminal?
alguien podria decirme como llego al canal en español¿?
do i create a keyboard shortcut for a command
hey guys, im having trouble with my computer shutting down when i run a certain game. i originally susspected heat but i reapplied thermal paste and the fan doesnt seem to labour at all before shutting down so i believe that rules out heat issues?
how can I found list of channel?
jut mounted a drive, but when I launch nautilus and try to create a new file, it says the folder is not writeable, how should I proceed ? :)
I have plugged a USB dongle at the back of my server and will like to know on ubuntu which ttyUSB port its connected to. What command do I use?
Is there anyway to remount the / as rw if it mounted at boot in ro because of errors?
Hallo...I need help --- what  is the correct command line to install the the new kernel (complete) in oneirec??
Is python 2.6 supposed to be installed on Ubuntu 11.04? Or is it leftover from the upgrade process?
anyone know how to get box A connected to box B via crossover cable and to allow internet to access to box A on natty?
can I enable the little pop-up that tells me the size of the terminal when I resize it? I've had it before
can i ask somethin?
is there something like diff that will return a bool instead of the different line(s)?
do I work this Unetbootin. My thumbdrive is plenty big enough to handle making a "live cd" so I can partition but what do I do with it
anyone know if adobe flash is in the repos?
Penis Enlarger no /etc/hostname in ubuntu?  where do i change it?
)
anyone got an ssd 6g running on ubuntu?
How do I get rid of the Unity bar in Ubuntu 11.04?
there an Ubuntu channel for Translators?
can somebody help
is there a pdf creator for ubuntu ?
 ubuntu server installation funktioniert einfach nicht :( kriege beim botten immer einen schwarzen bildschirm. liegt bestimmt an der nvidia grafikkarte. was kann ich da machen Leute?
does anyone happen to know why ubuntu natty gets stuck on boot from a live USB on a new macbook pro?
hello, it there a way to make the unity interface much lighter? in fact i'd like to keep unity but remove any effect or anything that would uselessly use my cpu
is the best bluetooth adapter compatimble with backtrack?
hi.. can i install lubuntu using wubi? (thank you)
How do I install Oracle Java?
else having a problem booting into 3.0 kernel?
is there a way to increase the max auto output in ubuntu? im watching a movie with both the program and ubuntu maxed and its lower than normal, at least normal for windows 7
if I want to completely uninstall a program, should I use remove, purge, or autoremove? or some combination?..
to upgrade ubuntu 11.04 from ubuntu 10.10
Hello, What is the best IRC chat for linux ?
hey how do I change my hostname?
there any goodway to install Gnome 3 in 11.04?
anyone succeed installing gnome3 in natty?
backtrack 4??
gdm loads, i see some text (error-like) in the tty -- anyway I can check what it says, because it's too quick?
Anyone have a PCI wifi card in their desktop?
what exactly does cat etc/passwd show me?
people, i want a software which make me able to download videos from youtube
hi. my banshee music is on my ntfs windows drive. how can i automount it on booting?
hey guys, im trying to install the new nouveau driver , i heard its got minimal 3D support and id love to give it a test run, so i go to the package manager and select the libgl-dri-expiremental and install the xorg nv driver but yet it doesnt show up in jockey. so im confused on what im doing wrong
do i register my nick on here ?
is there anyone who use chrokee web server
Hai all, How can install .dmg file in my ubuntu 10.04
have a question, i have a system which has ubuntu 10.10 installed on it along with windows 7, what i'm worried about is that if i upgrade to 11.04 will it ruin my dualboot when it reinstalls grub2?
Hello, I downloaded package(s) from the synaptic package manager, and I installed it (I think), how do I run it, I can't find it in my applications?
ubuntu无法下载bt资源了
 is it possible to do the upgrade from the commandline?
hey, can someone tell me how to install my new ubuntu OS onto a win 2000? i can't find the answer or anything related in the help guides on the site.
please, i installed ubuntu in english language and after it, i can't change, czech language is disabled, but i installed it before i want to choose...is there any different tool for choose language for graphical environment?
Need For Speed: Shift from Steam works with wine?
what is the channel for open office help?
wow, installing mythtv fails to install a working mythtv installation.  Is there a more basic mythtv package than "mythtv"?  Maybe "mythtv-basic-EveryoneNeedsThis"?
the ufw firewall is enable and the port for ssh isn't 22. Is there some way to access the server?
is there anything in the repositories or anywhere that lets us Ubuntu users stream audio/video from torrents?
so, this morning, trying to update my machine, i ended up updating to 11.10 oneiric instead of updating 11.04. now i can't access my files and folders. any thoughts (besides the obvious: i'm a d**b*ss)
d prefer not to have to do a fresh install on this computer, but update-manager will only say "This version is not supported" has anyone updated 9.10 to 11.04?
perhaps I'm going about this the wrong way, but I want to add a repository to my Ubuntu 10.04.3 system from the Debian packages site so I can install some packages, but perhaps I'm thinking about this the wrong way.
how do I adjust my screen brightness?
 any hint of the packaging of the KDE PIM 4.6.0 release date ?
Is there a specific channel for wireless issues with Ubuntu?
hi, how can i pastebin my file?
has a clue why my homedir is all sudden "Read-only file system"
Can someone tell me if ubuntu provides an email service to its users that is text based?
any audio experts Beti Chod here?
folks, I'm trying to do an alternate install of 11.04 (for Ubuntu Studio) and was able to get through base system installation but the installer seems to have stalled at "Configure the package manager." Any ideas as to why that would be happening?
which is best browser for ubuntu?
Alguien habla español ?
just upgraded to the latest version of ubuntu.  something or other elephant.  How do i prevent the 'taskbar' from autohiding and can i put it on the bottom of the screen?
How can I share my Wifi internet connection with a device plugged into my eth0
有人吗  谁知道怎么进中文聊天室
 please tell me why usb devices are not detected on the virtual machines? i am using vbox under natty.
what's the ubuntu social channel?
ciao a tutti
people. I didn't like unity. How can I use gnome instead of it?
any networking gurus here?
is there any channel for mac os x 10.7 lion ????
 If I am IRC op, how can I get /list to show secret (+s) channels? Sorry English no good.
Please suggest a simple way to determine where free space is spent to, using console.
help, i have a problem with unity & my video card intel 855
does this mean -> * #backtrack-linux :Cannot send to channel ??
on the lastest ubuntu how do i add software sources? i am trying to install ssh and it keeps asking for the CD
can somebody help me here with an issue with the launcher?
soy nuevo en estoy alguien puede decirme como usar esto :d
Help!!! I just installed a second distro alongside Ubuntu and now grub wont boot ubuntu. When i select it from the menu i get an error message saying file not found.
I am having some trouble getting my printer to print from Ubuntu. I think it is a fairly easy problem, but i need some assitance from someone with a little more linux/unix knowledge than me.
wont open different partions eventhough there listed in "places" any suggestions?
with SSH, is there any way to save an IP that I keep using? like give it a name?
ThinkT510, installed the restricted pack, still no sound. i know it can work, because even when the standard 10.10 live cd failed to start the gui, i still heard the ubuntu drums
- I m on Ubuntu Hardy 8.04 - when doing a apt-get install subversion it "leaves" my subversion on version 1.4.6 instead of the current 1.6.* releases. 1.4.6 is the state of 2009. is this normal ? or am I doing something wrong with the apt-get install command
hello everybody! i'm having troubles with booting ubuntu from a usb drive on my macbook. is there anybody who can help me?
Ok folks, here I go again. I'm running Kubuntu 11.04. Can anyone please help me getting mms stream on mplayer? I have all gstreams plugins, libmms, kubuntu-restricted and addons. Still no luck. I've installed Totem (the player I used on Ubuntu) and it does play, but I'd prefer not having to install all those gnome libraries....
there a way to get rid of unity and go back to gnome on the latest version of ubuntu?
hi is there a way to get the old menu im now on 11.04 and i hate this ugly toy interface ?
hi, im unable to run a software with Wine because it says that im missing L"C:\\windows\\system32\\osql.exe"...
which directory should I usually put programs (and their files) which I compiled myself? just home?
10,what's new on 11.10?
do people recommend squid or squid3?
anyone help with getting wireless going?  Broadcomm chipset on HP Pavilion dv6
hi guys im back, trying to install Ubuntu 11.04 (64bit) on a HP Z600 using a USB flash drive and its hanging on the "ubuntu" logo.. and the dots are not changing color... any tips?
Is there any way I can specify that particular package never gets updated?
is the name of the messaging system Linux? example, shows empathy when someone connects to the msn. would dbus?
which one is best....lxde or xfce
how can I switch back to the classical version Bhenchod?
 How can a i get a list of the last updates done by the update manager?
I have tried a fresh install of 11.04, and it failed to copy all the files over from CD to HD.  So, I reinstalled 10.10 and went the upgrade path... same results.  Any ideas?
 anyone have any ideas as to why my ubuntu installs gets tons of errors trying to retrieve libraries during install?   its on an ion2 chipset
a tutti ho un problema con il wireless, qualcuno mi può aiutare?
how do i debug a boot freeze in the /sbin/init phase?
Hello anyone know postfix and speak italian?
all, can someone running Natty with all the updates installed, confirm which kernel are they using? thanks.
hey, how do i mpunt my drives automatically at bootup instead of manually doing them??????????????
anyone know a good site for getting familiar with ubuntu as a linux newb?
runs pptpd on their ubuntu ?
I've got a 123GB internal harddrive, NTFS format...I can't run any applications/games or anything off it. I presume it's permissions? What can I do?
hi  i'm trying to install bitlbee    and i'm getting this error   "install: cannot stat `bitlbee': No such file or directory "
anyone use TinyFugue by any chance?
i just upgraded from 10.10 to 11.x yesterday and since then my box is unable to mount my data drive (i have an os drive and a separate 1 TB data drive). i got the "bad geometry" error. i have not found any relevant solutions in google or ubuntu's site. anyone know what i should do?
Guten Abend, ich hoffe ich störe nicht
me is there an ubuntu channel in french?
i must install a ftp server on my ubuntu what is the best Proftpd or Vsftpd ?
what log file would i check to find out why my sytem froze just a minute ago
guys, how do I choose between ubuntu, Xubuntu, Kubuntu, or Edubuntu?
Whats A good Internet  browser
hola, cual es el canal latino? gracias
a tutti
I found a bug in banshee. Where can I report?
10,hi everyone, i just installed gnome 3.2 on ubuntu 11.10 beta2. it works straight fine, but everytime i log off or i restart, it logs me back into unity. how could I force it to log me into gnome 3.2? I tried to remove the unity package but it still logs me into.. a big nautilus window.
ubuntu netbook edition just the same thing as plain ubuntu now?
bonjour ici Bhen Chod
hi all, I use nvidia proprietary driver (I believe) but "additional drivers" does not show it to me, whats wrong?
I have an issue with an Ubuntu 10.10 laptop. When it is booted up, and a user signs in, it doesn't connect to the wireless network unless I sign into my own account and unlock the "keyring". Is there a way to fix this so I don't have to sign in and unlock it so other users can go online?
Is there a way to rename a computer after you've finished setting it up?
can i install gnome shell from the ubuntu repos?
Backarchodu
Fate Condom
a tutti
i am trying to resize the a partition to use the unallocated space.  i am using gparted.  I cannot resize the current partition that ubuntu is running on, do i have to do that from a gparted boot disk?
last time when i uninstall win 7  i also lost my ubuntu desktop can anyone help me that how i install grub in a safe area
do I get to use #ubuntuone channel? does it exist please?
does anyone know how to completly remove  unity and install gnome3 ?
alguém sabe sobre o Mandriva?
 I would like to communicate in #ubuntu over SILC, for privacy reasons. Does #ubuntu have a SILC server?
is gnome 3 on ubuntu official channel now?
sup guys, I want to install ubuntu on my new laptop, I have to instal 64bit to get my full 6GB of ram correct? or can I go 32bit and get PAEX (physical address extension) to take care of the rest of my ram?
 I wanted to install proprietary video driver for my video card, but ati radeon x1600 is no longer supported by ati. do I need to install other distro (8.04), or just use os driver?
Why I can't download from Transmission? The status bar is saying "Downloading from 0 of 0 connected peers".
can anyone say what is the benefit of learning assembly language and learning the computer organization and architecture??
 im a bit confused about the partitions on a disk on which ive installed ubuntu
quel est sujet du jour ?
1,is anyone here using the beta for ocelot
there a way to use old graphical settings in ubuntu 11.4?.
buon pomeriggio
how to fix uncompression error in ubuntu 11.04
to create fstab ?
Anyone know why sudo keeps asking for my password when I have "synapse ALL=(ALL) ALL" in /etc/sudoers?
Anyone here with natty and a working Eclipse install?
all, I was wondering, has anyone ever had the resolution problem with dual monitor setups on nv cards, I have one at res 1920 x 1080, and 1920 x 1200, and if I select these res, on one monitor is fine, but on the right most monitor, the screen still continues pass the edge?
which should i buy, Hacking Linux Exposed or The Linux Bible 2011?
Hello . . . how do I remove the Ubuntu splash screen with the blinking dots under it that displays while Ubuntu is loading?  I would rather see text scrolling across the screen as the system loads.
else have an invitation to google +?
so, can ubuntu play netflix with chrome now?
is there a way to scroll up or view the errors upon booting ubuntu?  It's printing some important errors, then hundreds of "permission denied: read only file-system" during the initramfs
m a noob at compiling from source. So I compiled an app with an incorrect parameter, and now  need to overwrite that install with one differently configured. Can I just run `make install` again and everything be hunky-dory?
is this the right place to ask a KDE specific question?
anyone know how to get java to work on Firefox ?
using natty on a lenovo t420 or t520? i'm trying to see how compatible it is
time zone in gnome clock applet - anyone know how?
f.u.c.k
who can helo me delete all the options at startup? as in to where there is one windows and one ubuntu.. not 20 ubuntus.. and windows starts firs because when other people use the computer they dont know how to use ubuntu? thanks
flashplayer-downloader is asking to download adobe-flashplugin_11.0.1.152.orig.tar.gz. I already have the file on my Desktop, where should i place it for flasplayer-installer to configure? Any suggestions
Algum brasileiro?
guys I just installed ubuntu 11.04. A couple of things -- first I'm not wild about the new interface. Is there a way to go back to old version, or at least move the sidebar on the left to the bottom of the screen?
hey guys I have two problems... when on youtube using Firefox , videos are a little slow and jagged.
say for a moment that i unplug my sda and install win xp on my sdb1, then i replug my sda, so grub will load first, and it wont read the mbr of sdb, could i add up the winxp boot line to grub after that?
anyone tell me which PPA to use for installing Gnome3 on 10.10?
What is available for doing .NET development in Ubuntu?
hey everyone! How do you upgrade from the 11.04 alpha/beta releases to the final release?
need help, please!
Is there a function to dump a list of all packages installed *and* their respective package versions? dpkg -l has a tendency to cut away the full package name and version
if i have no interested in unity, should i still install 11.4?
que quieres que hablan en espanol
Hi, each time I do an upgrade, aptitude tells me about the same RECOMMENDED package again and again, how to tell it that I will NEVER install that particular package?
still having a problem upon every login.  I am using ubuntu classic. I have had to install fusion-icon so that I can switch my window manager to metacity because upon login my secondary monitor has an issue loading windows without titlebars. I cannot input text into any window when this is happening.. I NEED A FIX
i was looking for someone to make a custom LiveCD for my company, might any one here know where to point me?
Anyone know why I can't get wifi to work using the iwconfig tool but it works using the network manager? this is for an open wifi (so no wpa supplicant stuff). I'm just setting the essid, channel, the key to open and then ifconfig it up - but it never associates with an ap.
i installed windows xp after ubuntu, and now only windows boots
anyone tell me how to determine if the filesystem of my computer is readonly?
can anyone talk me through rebuilding my grub thingy?
hi anyone knows about openerp or is there any irc channel
 anyone know how long the ubuntu server 11.04 will be supported for ?
Pomoże ktoś w rejestracji konta?
Hello recently install Win7 with Ubuntu 10.04 (Dual-Boot) which Ubuntu was installed first. When installed Win7 it overwrote the master boot record (GRUB2). I logged into Ubuntu using Live CD and reinstalled GRUB2. Now when I start my computer it will log straight into Ubuntu without any prompt for Windows WTH! How can I make it so I get a prompt for Ubuntu/Windows
I savely remove gnome-keyring deamon & seahorse if I don't store passwords ?
有人吗？
how do I install  lamp stack on Ubuntu ?
a todos
how to install flash player to ubuntu 11.04 ?  or to chrome browser
Where are the firewall settings in Ubuntu 10.04LTS?
you run "make install", where do you see the software?
 I first time use ubuntu, is somewhere has teaching video?
Is gnome 3 stable for 11.04?
all, i'm having trouble with transmission, some one aronud to help out?
guys where can  I read about the differences between "useradd" and "adduser"   (and userdel / deluser )
Hello, to download a deb file without installing would be sudo apt-get -d (package) , right? I tried that and just says invalid operation. How do i use apt-get to download without install?
there any way at all to make the wiggle or blink notification animation on the Unity launcher icons permanently active until clicked? As it is, a notification from, for example, Pidgin, is very hard to notice if I wasn't looking at the screen when it happened (and even then it's not great).
ubuntu 11.04 failed
a wiecie o tej opcji w nowym chrome ?
I started upgrading to 11.04 but I have no time, can I cancel it and continue later ? (its on "Getting new packages" its not on "Installing the upgrades")
r u guys chinese?
how to uninstall OpenJDK and use SunJDK?
can i get root priviledges?
I posted a bug report online for the developers.  How will I know if action is taken to resolve my issue?
Hello. Is it normal for the upgrade to 11.04 to download files at a speed slower than my connectivity is capable of?
i type sudo apt-get install sun-java6-jdk i get some error like package not found what is wrong?
anyway to know how much battery you have left in natty 11.04?
如何xp于lubuntu共存fat32
Ubuntu have a project for children like Sugar?
do i need to downgrade gnome to get rid of this panel on the left?  i'm not liking this style and would prefer the old UI if possible.
How do I install gnome 3 on ubuntu 11.04?
some reason the flash player on my system is crashing _extremely_ often. is there something i can do about it?
Is there a way to force Banshee to transcode music to, say, OGG when copying it to a media player?
so just need a bit of help if someone is willing, Im installing ubuntu for the first time (usually someone else has done this for me) apprently wubi causes problems in the install, so do i burn to a cd?
to check what motherboard i have from linux?
speak spanish??
I'm trying to run Ubuntu 11.04 (32 bit). Any ideas on why ubuntu 11.04 live CD won't work with my Windows 7, i7 860 PC?
to install the old software-center?
I'm upgrading from 10.11 to 11.04 and the console has been stuck at this line: "Installing new version of config file /etc/cups/cupsd.conf.default"  Is it really doing something else and just stopped there?  The progress bar has been stuck at "About 4 minutes remaining" for about 15 minutes.
CAn anyone help me figure out what I'm doing wrong here?  I have a sed call "sed -i 's:function (.*?)\((.*?)\)(\n(    |)\{|\{):test:g' Debug.php.bak", it tells me I have an unmatched \{.  I should have an unmatched \{ because it has been escaped.
does the range of application of the DEB program packages libreoffice-core and libreoffice-core:386 differ? The associated descriptions are identical.
hey, need help with dir permessions..i have a parent dir P to whichi have given some recursive permissions which are applied to sub-dir s1. Now i create a new sub-dir s2, is there any way that child dir takes the permission of parent dir
guys...silly and stupid question...but would someone like to answer this: what do you mean by "bots" ?
there ubuntu channel for chat? :D
Hey everyone, does anyone know where i can find step by step instructions from installing a runable version of xubuntu on a usb drive.
About that Indicator Applet in launchpad ... can I somehow configure it? I want it to use thunderbird and other communicator than provided one ... possible?
Bhonsri-Waalaa
really strange has happened after I turned my laptop back on: cd ~/ && echo "foo" >> bar (This gives permission denied????)
someone speaks French please
Do I install apps on Mint the same as in Ububntu?
folks, how can I go about sharing my wireless connection to my wired connection?
helllo my name is nicholas i have a problem i took the hard drive out my laptop and mad it a external so that i can put a new os on it and place it back in the laptop i loaded the new os on the extarnal and now the os that on my desktop will not load the master boot is on the external how do i get it back on my desktop
Simple question: is scp a standard command on Ubuntu, or do I need to install a package 1st?
am running wubi - on Windows 7 (32bit) - but have noticed that the file being downloaded is AMD64 - Will it still work on my 32 bit or should I cancel the download?
Hey, I tried to install a dual boot Windows 7 and Backtrack 5, now, I get to the grub prompt but my Win7 partition doesn't show up. The Win7 partition is using disc encryption, could that be why its not showing? Any ideas?
como mudar de canal
does anyone here have experience fixing black screen on boot up problem? Ive got dual GPUs one of which is radeon and ubuntu 11.04
Hi. I have a small problem. Why unity 2d is looking so much better than 3d(ubu 11.10)? why unity 3d is made in gtk? why?
is there any way to issue a PPPoA connection over ethernet from ubuntu
all, is there any way to enlarge *everything* for being able to actually see anything on a LCD from 3m distance?
hi any one can help?
Hello, I am having trouble getting the wireless driver to work for a HP 1030nr netbook.  How can I resolve this issue?
there a way to disable booting into the graphical environment?
How do I access windows shared folder from ubuntu 11.04 ?
heres a good one: now that the new flashplayer is supposedly not 64-bit beta, whats the official ubuntu way of installing 64bit flash on a 64bit machine?
can I clone the rights from one file so another?  (ex: clone_rights.sh file1 file2)
Sorry, please tell me a book on ubuntu?
alguem BR?
someone speak spanish
will the upcoming keynote at the UDS  on monday be available online..and if so, where?
quick question. Can I burn the CD iso on a blank DVD?
#ubuntu,Anyone here ever used bitcoin on linux?
Hi! I'm installing Ubuntu as dualboot on a new computer. I decided to partition manually, and stared by reducing the 300GB ntfs partition down to 75. However, as I confirmed this action, I now only get a system "stuck" at busy (for like 15 mins already). How long should this operation take? Should there be a progress bar (that is, is the system really stuck)?
Hello, can anybody help with with setting up svg support for ubuntu and apache2?
is the root default password
is there a channel about ubuntu server ?
olaaaaaaaa kienes soiss?
have experience with laptop LCD display inverters?
anyone knows a good way to find the right order for devices with a RAID with mdadm
does ubuntu 11.04 have the unity desktop?
?
italiani ?
right way to restore gnome panel to defaults on 10.04?
m trying to install python 2.7.2 and 3.1.4 on ubuntu netbook (10.04, if it matters), and apt-get can't seem to find them. Is this the correct channel?
anyone knows how to make a customized ubuntuISO ?
bonsoir je cherche le chnnel ubuntu test
s disappeared off my unity panel, like it's all scrolled off or something. Only I don't seem to scroll it back into view. How can I get the icons back? :-/
呃
Anybody familiar with samba/cups on Ubuntu server?
here uses KDEVELOP?
hello , i am with a cd live because when i log in it cannot read thehome/user, probably i have probelms with the owner or the permissions, can you help me to ripristinate ubuntu 11.04? thank you
Where can I go to get good quality MP3?
how to bring gnome panel in ubuntu 11.04 natty???
how can I install Gnome 3 on Ubuntu Server 11.04?
any one can tell me where i can start learning linux
to irc and ubuntu, is this an appropriate place to ask a ssh rsa setup question?
What is the windows installer? Does it run ubuntu in some sort of VM? Is it better than using VirtualBox?
is there any decent video capture app for linux that just works. anyone have any success
anyone know how to debug a wifi driver isue on  xubuntu 11.04  i tryied the bcm STA drivers  and  the   fw43 installer    i removed the  blacklisting for the  b43xx from the  blacklist.conf    but stil i cant get wifi loaded - it doesn't give error but no wifi avail ..  wifi chip is a broadcom 4311
I'm aware some versions of xampp/lampp aren't supported in #ubuntu, but I'm trying to find the python based xampp starter app that ubuntu has - anyone know where it is / what it's called? It's a little gui window that has buttons for starting and stopping the xampp service...
xico solo busca xica sola acepto privis
was wondering if someone could recomend some software to me. I am looking for a free alternative to vmware
is ubuntu the best linux distro?
i need to sign a PDF signature page;  is there a fast & easy way to do that
..boa tarde a todos! Alguém sabe me dizer porque o Ubuntu 10.04 costuma dar umas travas sem mais nem menos? Se tem alguma razão especial?
i didn't even realise that natty was already here... update manager should give you an alarm like "NATTY IS FUCKING ONLINE! DOWNLOAD IT YOU BLIND ASSHAT!"
i have just upgarded the ubuntu to 11.04 but i don't like its panel means everything is in left hand side i want every thing on top how can i change  like 10.10
need help on grub
I need repository for simple-ccsm for ubuntu-11.04
hey guys i just installed ubuntu server and i dont remember being prompted for a root password. what do i do?
anybody know if memtest86+ v4.10 has issues with ddr3 ram? i've tried an msi board & now an asus board & both end up locking up right after displaying the initial memtest86+ screen
crap... I've just installed a new system, but I can't get my screen to work. I've had this problem before and it's only like this when it's not in X (allthough, I have no X at all atm)...
1,How can i upgrade Ubuntu 11.10 Beta2  11.4 ?
im using 11.10 and software center closed unexpectedly is there something wrong with software center?
transmission has a cli?
hello a little help here please, having trouble with graphics
good channels on freenode
i have two computers, both on wireless, side by side.. one is ubuntu, one is windows.. what would be the easiest way to move some files from my linux system to windows? i have them connected with a network cable and configured the ip's/subnets but nothing is working
excuse me, does anyone have a Ubuntu patched 2.6.37 kernel (not the mainline kernel) ?
do you compile a C file in Ubuntu 10.04?
Hello.  A while back, I added a Gnome 3 repo and upgraded to Gnome 3 to try it out, but it didn't work so well, so I had to attempt to revert back to the standard installation.  But any attempt to 'apt-get install --reinstall gnome-desktop-environment' returns a bunch of things with Apt insists 'is not going to be installed'
Silverlight for Linux, when did that happen? Why did it happen?
there, I installed iptables but it was not added to the services (service ip
10,hello, i get random hangs on oneric, i dont see anything in my logs what can i do to debug?
Question: Postgresql: How to change user password with password prompt, securely?
folks. Where does empathy keep it's logs and settings? I just migrated from 10.04 to 11.04 on a fresh install.. trying to not redo as many settings as possible.
what's this 'floodbot thing??
Is there a way to go back to the menu style of Ubuntu 10.10? I'm on 11.04 :(
for a simple, lightweight battery monitor for the system tray, the important part is that it uses icons that are easily customized.  Suggestions happily welcome.
in 10.04, i seem to have removed / lost one of my menus (the icon menu that Empathy and mail show up in) - anyone know what its named in the "add to panel" dialog, or how to otherwise get it back?
how can i find the components of the ia32-libs package?
do I get a list of packages installed on my box in xterm?
I need help with Zorin. It's Lubuntu based. My installation is super slow even though a day ago it was working fine.
I've installed Mint.  How do I switch to other workspaces?
someone gets a chance, i need help with music players or audio settings
hey all. Question: Do we have some designers here who can create a nice facebook profile picture saying: "Sorry, I moved to g+ find me there"? :)
salve a tutti
do I find my UUID for one of my partitions..?
quick question about nautilus - how do I make Ubuntu NOT show me the files on my desktop on startup? (Ubuntu classic theme)
I'm getting this message when i attempt to install anything "The installation could have failed because of an error in the corresponding software package or it was cancelled in an unfriendly way. You have to repair this before you can install or remove any further software." whats going on? im running ubuntu 10.04
all. Is there any way to turn my ubuntu pc into a wireless router ? I have an ethernet connection and would like to share my connection through wireless with my phone
I'd quite like to split my screen down the middle to make "two mini ones", So I could have 2 "maximised" programs open at any one time. Is this possible? I hear it can be done on windows?
Is there any dev here?
there a small Netinstall iso image available for Ubuntu with just the base system and utilities like for Debian?
echt, installiert euch niemals gentoo
hey, i got a question for ya guys..
 How can I found out wich model is my onboard Audio? I have tried lshw but the output just does not give any model names
Cum Guzzling Cock Sucker
Got A Squirrel Peeking
this is guilty of off-topic. But where to find qualitifed freelancers to rewrite some English essays?
hello is there any channel for support on eeepc's?
someone help me figure out where my sound is muted. Sound preferences shows that it is working and responding, but there is no output from my speakers, which I know work.
Anyone here know much about Ubuntu 11.04 ?
anyone know a good channel or play to find help with learning python?
nned some help here
hi just need little help building wine from source and configure script says i have missing libjpeg-dev (wont accept 62 dev version so i installed version 8) but when i try again configure it says im missing libtiff-dev witch depends on libjpeg62-dev  have no idea what to do .. is there any way to install both libjpeg-dev versions or somehow install libtiff-dev with libjpeg8-dev?
The concept of "looking like daddy" has nothing to do with what is in the best interests of the child. It is so the father won't feel insecure about his own circumcision. For the father to let his son be intact will make him have to accept that he is mutilated which will damage his ego
someone tell me how to execute a script with gksudo?
Is there a way to run ubuntu off a USB but not as live? Like a full install to usb so i dont have to keep reconfiguring everything.
Hi, I'm using the gparted live cd to grow an ext4 filesystem.   The filesystem is /dev/sd7 and my swap is /dev/sd8.   Can I safely delete my swap and re-create it after I grow /dev/sd7?
habla SPANISH
does anybody know how to change gnome3 boot screen ?
hi all, i use xp, ubuntu one PC with grub.Grub is damage i cant repair,cant erase,cant update.I will format ubuntu partition as ntfs via xp ? is there someting wrong?
anybody help me with my synaptic package manager problem?
My panel won't load now... when it launches it stays at the top and just jitters, so I can't use gnome anymore, I am in Unity now. How do I delete a panel from here?
Is there a way to install Microsoft Office 2010 on Ubuntu?
I run "man make" it says to see "make.info" for complete documentation on make.  Where is make.info and is there a command to open the info file like a man page?
My extra drive is showing 0 bytes even after I delete something. It's also saying one of the folders is 1.7tb but the entire drive is 1.7tb after being formated and I still have other things on it. What could be wrong?
Is it possible to change the login theme? Not just the wallpaper/icon, I've got that with ubuntu-tweak, but with the whole theme - buttons fonts etc. In older versions of ubuntu you could do this by going System -> Administration -> Login Window Preferances and then installing a theme. This window is no longer here, how can I install a theme?
I want a real slim version of Ubuntu to add to and customize myself would server or alternate install be a better choice?
how do I install ubuntu on a 3TB drive?
since it was just released, will firefox 5 make its way into ubuntu 11.04? or do we have to wait for oneiric
someone tell me if official isos are updated over time? or, is the one I download today the same as the one when Natty was released?
How do I revert to 10.10? Or at least make the GUI in 11.04 like 10.10?
 how do i get list of packages which i have installed so that i can just use it after reinstalling ubuntu
anyone here use xournal?
samba n'est pas installé par défaut avec ubuntu?
anyone available to help with a support question? or is this a good channel for that?
is the offtopic channel?
Hi, Could someone help me, I want to Install a game in wine for a friend, the game is Red Alert 3 Uprising.. . . . How would I go about it?
I need help!
ru,Всем привет)
how to open classic menu in ubuntu 11.10?
10,How can I change Unity dash size in Ubuntu 11.10 BETA 2?
need to upgrade my Ubuntu server from Jaunty to Lucid.  Is this possible without a reinstall?
is there a file where in ubuntu where i can see which users can log in over ssh?
which  is stable version of "ubuntu studio" ?
 I am having an issue on the gnome-terminal unity quicklist I've created. rthe command issued for that menu is Exec=gnome-terminal --commmand "sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get dist-upgrade -y". When I run it after doing unity --replace, it pops a terminal, asks for sudo p/w and then just closes.. nothing going on... how can I resolve this
how can i do a ln from a folder on my desktop to a mnt? i've tried ln /home/user/Desktop/newfolder /mnt/allfiles but it said i can't do a hard link?
back | track 5 Released ? or not yet ?
to rename a file ? which command ?
i wanna instal ubuntu 11.04(64).. but already have w7 and 11.04(32b). Can I instal 11.04(64) too?
is anyone growing to like unity
here using abiword for linux? what dictionary should I use? aspell?
is there a way to get netflix on boxee in ubuntu, or is that not going to happen?
can someone help me with transmission pleaase?
I log in, my SD card pops up, open; how do I stop this?
hi what are the good messengers for yahoo and msn that have webcam support
hey can anyone help me write a quick shell script
help with bcm43xx wifi card?
not sure about right place anyway realplayer in windows installs downloader for videos on the net ex.youtube  have real<player installed in 10.10. any chance to have same download feature here?
is there a way to uninstall unity and go back to gnome version in 10.04 ?
there a linux mint channel ???
Hello, can anyone please help me! I just upgraded to 11.04, but my wifi has stopped working
I have a problem, can anyone help me?
anyone knows whats the brazilian ubuntu chan?
how to make bash script which will works without typing './myscript arg1 arg2', and just with typing 'myscript arg1 arg2'?
what program for ubuntu and i pod touch g3 matches best?
an if statement in a bash script what is the -z flag testing?
For some reason, when i click on the network tab on the top panel ,it wont show any wireless connections.  It says, Wireless is disabled by hardware switch.  Can someone Help me?
Hello. Does anyone know of a guide or help page that lists packages to remove & optimisations to apply for a slow/old system ? This is for Ubuntu Netbook Lucid 10.04.
i am new to ubuntu. i am trying to access files off of my windows computer through the network but i do not see any of my other computer on the network. can someone help?
anybody Can I have help?
Is it possible to replace the Compaq presario laptop bought in 2005 with any 14.0 WXGA lcd ?
I've just updated to the development branch (oneiric) and I can't get nvidia.ko to load, because nouveau.ko is always loaded instead, some thoughts? thank you.
hi.  does anyone know of a shortcut key to clear the calculator that comes with ubuntu 11.04?
Is there any way to install without a cdrom or usb drive?
have air conditioner tell me that it "Estimated Yearly Operating Cost is $208.  is that mean i turn my AC on 24/7 for the whole summer and cost only $208?
donde puedo encotrar libros sobre ubuntus gratis
any hardware experts?
 where can I find official information related to ubuntu initialization/shutdown scripts? The server guide doesn't seem to mention this
hi. sometimes ubuntu apps crash. i want to kill them but don't know how to reference them from a shell
How do I find a list of running programs?
have any clue why kdirstat was deleted from repos in 11.04?
hello, i think i have unity, and i'd like to go back to my old looking gnome; how can i do that?
I'm just starting out using IRC. Can someone please explain how to do the IRC registration thing
someone tell me how i can open a usb drive with the ability to delete its files so i c`an put ubuntu on it
how many available ports are there please?
Hi, can you please suggest something like Hyper Terminal in windows??
 can anyone please help me with installation of lamp server, i have already installed tasksel but whenever i write " sudo tasksel install lamp-server" i get an error as "tasksel:aptitude failed(100)
Does anyone know if Ubuntu has a media player that plays mkv files properly?
hola alguien podria ayudarme como conectar x wifi mi ubuntu
using  GNOME 3?
can open office  read and write ms exlce ?
i cant able to see my close,minimize buttons for my firefox web browser i am using alt+f4 to close the window...can anyone fix it
a cron this means every 1 minute right?         1 * * * *
does ubuntu 11.04 come with gnome 3.0?
how do i "COMPILE" stuff , i have something for a usb webcam but i dont know how to compile
haq,does rsync work over ssh or am I still required to have an rsync daemon running on the remote machine that I connect to through an ssh tunnel? (or is there something else...)
is there a ppa for quicklists ??
Hi all. Is this the right place to talk about an idea for a program?
 can't i choose a belgian azerty keyboard with an english installation for ubuntu server?
is there a package to install ubuntu without unity(-layout) - just the classic ubuntu interface? (something like apt-get install ubuntu-desktop-classic)
Ubuntu Server 11.04 w/ Webmin, having issues mounting a raid I've created in the LinuxRaid module using MDADM. I can't get the raid to mount anywhere "says already mounted as /dev/md0" but I can't open it's *current* mount point to test if it worked.
to create backup and restore ubuntu?
how do I register nick again??? something like msg nickserver???
brother c puede conectar al canal del msn por irc
cannot connect to my smtp server after following the directions in the postfix guide.  I am unable to find any logs or anything describing what's wrong, except that telnet says Connection closed by foreign host.
Hello guys. I want to dual boot on a Mac Book Pro. Will I need to install OSX first, or can I install Ubuntu and later OSX ?
any good samaritan to send me an invite to joine freenode/apache?
heard the next version won't have ubuntu classic =_=
hi guys is there any channel for html database connection or database conection?
So.. i installed KDE... how do i get onto it?
anyone succesfully installed gnome3 with natty?'
Hi Leute, hab seit gestern einen Bug: Kann mich nicht einloggen, Ubuntu 10.04. Hab das Problem mal aufgenommen: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_-yEs0AiSo Bitte helft mir, das ist echt ziemlich kacke :/
Hi. I am experiencing constant lockups with Ubuntu. Mouse movement is still possible but cursor updates do not occur. Keyboard is frozen as well (can't toggle numlock/capslock LED's at all). Is there a log file or anything I can view to hopefully find the source of the problem?
10.04, is it standard not to be able to ping from a non-root account?
alguem fala portugues aqui??
What is the default root password
?
where can i install an installation cd of ubuntu that does not come with the x server, (so that i can try to install it)?
how can i download apt-get to a machine that doesn't have apt-get?
there any way to resize the dock icons?
Hello, I've been planning to record Minecraft videos; but every screencorder I tried didn't work; recordmydesktop causes a huge frame loss and Istanbul freezes after recording. What I can still try?
can you scale down the size of the icons in 11.04 on the left bar?
question..  lets say that startup disk creator doesn't install the bootloader (had 2 fails because i wasn't at the comp when it asked for the password).. can i just install the bootloader without going through the entire install process again?
Hey everyone, is there any way to upgrade from 10.04 LTS to 11.04?
In Calc, how do I show the weekday name of a given date? I can use WEEKDAY(), however, this only gives me the weekday number, e.g. 2 or 3, and not the weekday name, e.g. tuesday or friday.
anyone else having a problem with X and corrupting pictures
Please recommend a chat channel. Most of the "most online"-chats is related with ubuntu, from one website.
whats the version of ubuntu distro before 11.04?
would one delete a partition and then expand the existing ext4 partition?
Hi guys, i hate the new Ubuntu and I want my 10.10 back (completely remove 11.04), cand someone please help me out? :)
hey guys, i have win7 installed aswell with ubuntu but without the grub running with raid drives, how can i get grub working again?
reinstalled kubuntu but it still giving me the netbook desktop how do i get the origional kde desktop
How can I change my hostname via commandline ?
hola
guys need some assistance
hola a todos
Hi, I have windows and ubuntu but I want to start to Ubuntu directly without the waiting menu
need help with filing a bug. it affects 2 packages and i don't know which is wrong. (one package lacks a file that another assumes to be there)
Has anyone noticed that you can never find Ubuntu-certified hardware for purchase?
should i update my shell from 10.04 to 11.04, any benefits for a webserver?
anyone met someone who both against gay marriage and not a complete moron? Just curious...
can some one tell me is there any difference in alternate iso and normal desktop iso ?
Is anyone running natty on nvidia with nvidia GT220? I cannot get X to run since the upgrade. System just locks up
by default runs as www-data user?
hello I have mint 11 and wireless BCM2046 , bcm driver in cd does not recognize my wireless , what should I Do?!
is it possible to reverse the theme in ubuntu 11 to ubuntu 10 ?
  what is the best way to get gnome-shell onto ubuntu 11.04?  i tried adding the gnome3-team/gnome3 ppa as described on a few sites but got a broken install..
I've installed the "Tertiary Bundle" from Ubuntu Software Centre (ubuntu-edu-tertiary), it downloaded a heap, but I can't figure out what new stuff I have. What's included?
how can I get the 10.04 livecd to recognise vfat?
sabe como puedo añadir un servidor hispano?
is ther any possibility of problems if i switch my uid to 500?
algorithmic.sty -- which package provides that?
all ! please who knows how can i register my nickname? TY...
Im new here... :)..... how do I get into rooms of interest :)
How would i go about, updating only tcl,
someone help me install Cinelerra? I've added the ppa through the instructions on launchpad and I went into the package manager, hit reload, but there are no packages to upgrade nor can I find it when I search for it
I'm trying to use a transparent theme with emerald but when I switch the window decerator to it nothing changes?
Running into a prob with 11.04 and Drivers, someone else posted this comment (no response so far) "Ubuntu 11.4 does not offer me my driver under "Additional Drivers" like normal?" I have the save problem, any ideas ?
m still running 9.04. Is there a reason I can't upgrade through the update manager?
have  chinses??
how can i auto mount partitions using a gui application ?
Hi, I upgraded to 11.10 alpha3 from 11.04 but when system wants to boot , I get this error from gurb : symbol not found : 'grub_divmod64_full' , can you help me?
whats the command to rename a whole mess of files (10k+) at once, because the thunar bulk renamer is choking on it, i need to change periods to null and then replace the extension with eml
ciao a tutti :)
there any way of update my Xorg drivers on ubuntu to a newer version?
how to register irc nickname ??
Hi all, using nouveau with nVidia [NVS 3100M]. Anytime I start anything like xterm, or xdiff my gnome locks up. Any ideas?
anyone help with a WUBI install issue, please?
hey ppl, is it possible and how to add Firefox 3.6 if my default install is FF5?
Will ubuntu-11.04-desktop-i386.iso work both for 32 and 64 bit systems?
there any gadgets for ubuntu like windows that can float like cpu core usage, and printer drag and drop print box , etc
how do i convert flv to divx for playing on dvd player ?
well horsemeat is very tasty i still got some steaks here
upgraded a box to oneiric last week (via do-release-upgrade), tried to upgrade a different box today and it bombs just before installing packages with a 'no such file or directory' error .. any ideas or alternative ways to upgrade?
'~$ ip addr; 192.168.178.26'. '~$ sudo dhclient eth0; bound to 192.168.178.26'. What is bound here to what?
is there a good desktop/gui firewall app for managing iptables. can anyone recommend one?
it possible to have desktop look like 10,4 in 11.4?
in ubuntu lucid, how do you install the w32codecs package?
If I install Ubuntu via WUBI, how can I remove Windows afterwards?
turning on extra effects speed up apps
have anybody ever heard of of libsample rate >= 0.1.1 im trying to download it and can't find it
is it a good idea to have fsck check ntfs partitions at the same time that it checks my ext4 partitions? Or should that be avoided?
тут русские?
Yay, Gnome 2 :D... Now how do I get the darn title-bar buttons back on the right corner instead of the left... this ain't no Mac darnit :P
how do you turn on the cool 3d effects in 11.04 Classic?
running 1920x1080 or 1920x1200 on an atom cpu?
Hi Folks! -A short question: anybody noticed these days that sound breaks after pausing video/audio in vlc?
how can I disable the window border shadows in Ubuntu 11.04?
to paste text in the terminal using the keys ctrl + v ?
大家好。
jai créé mon serveur jabber et jai installé gajim sur une autre machine. comment lenregistrer sur mon serveur svp?
 is there a way to find out what version of a given package will be upgraded to before doing an apt-get upgrade ?
hey. I have an old feisty installation that I'd like to upgrade to natty. if I install from the livecd, will it leave my /home/ intact?
Hi, Does anybody know when gnome 3 will be available in Ubunto?
know how to test APC PowerChute Network shutdown?  I want to make sure it can actually shutdown my server
how do you start 11.04 with gnome instead of unity?
Hello folks. Is Ext4 the default filesystem choice when auto-installing 11.04 ? I'm always doing the partitionning myself so I've never checked. Thanks.
haq,should I go with 11.04 or stick with 10.04
how can i get converter taht means form any player to any player?
I heard something about lenses on unity , can somebody give me some idea like how to get some youtube lens?
i a usb HDD , installed ubuntu 11.04 , how i can load this HDD to the grub ?? which file i have to change ?
Something that seems to be missing from any of the ubuntu guides regarding partitioning (unless I cant seem to find it) is a decent guide on how big each partition should be and why? does anyone know of such guide?
10,hi, i want to install ubuntu 11.10 beta1 amd64 on my 4gb system, swap size? or how to install without delete ntfs archive disk?
 I'm running ubuntu 10.10, is it safe to allow update manager to Upgrade to ubuntu 11 ?
PL?
Salve a tuttti
 anyone know of a wireless pci card that works with 10.04.02?
alguien sabe algo de esto? (xaralx:7417): Gdk-CRITICAL **: IA__gdk_window_get_visual: assertion `GDK_IS_WINDOW (window)' failed
Any way to monitor/log power consumption on a machine ?
anyone explain how to install java?
I have an old scanner, it has a 37 pin connector attached to an old computer using an adapter card on an ISA slot. I want to connect this to a new computer, but am having trouble finding a card/adapter that will connect. it has 19 pins on top, 18 on bottom, looks like a parallel port
someone know about bind dns server?
i need help trying to compile a program from a .tar.gz can anyone help me with a simple program?
ciao qualcuno puo aiutarmi
is there anyone here who does video editing?
 i installed UBUNTU and WINDOWS on same drive, dualk booting. Windows rewrote my MBR. how do I boot back into Ubuntu?
¿Alguien acá habla español?
alguien sabe de un foro de ADE?
can't display any website in any browser in Natty even though it can connect to the website. I'm using vodafone 3g usb tethering and in Windows it works perfectly
I wanna alabama hot pocket
How do I identify with services so I can change channel?
libfish.so for ubuntu 64bit does anyone has it
got the scott pilgrim dvd and it seems it doesn't want to play.  What do I need to get it to play on ubuntu?  I've already installed restricted extras
Hi, is there some dpkg guru here ?
hello. can anybody help me with ubuntu one authorization. i have this message Method "CreateItem" with signature "a{sv}(oayay)b"on interface "org.freedesktop.Secret.Collection" doesn't exist
anyone tell me one of the better server GUI's for Ubuntu Server? I need a basic visual interface.
how do I find what package a program belongs to?
Hi, I'm running Ubuntu 10.10 on a net-book.  I would like to share the internet connection my desktop has with my net-book.  I've been pouring over countless websites and have found no configuration for my ad hoc network on the Ubuntu side where the Ubuntu computer isn't the one with the ethernet connection.  Basically, how do I edit my connection so that Ubuntu  gets internet from the wifi connection its connected to.
can I force ubuntu to automatically mount my internal drives at bootup? for some reason when I startup it doesn't then it asks me root password to mount them in /media as removable(?) drives
HELP! I tried Gnome3.2, and I don't like it.  How can I rollback?
anyone got a min to spare helping me setup my local webserver? apache is going (haven't figured out vhosts yet tho), phpmyadmin is running fine, as is mysql. the only thing left are creating vhosts and editing hosts file, then setting write permission on my var/www folder so i can actually edit it without sudo-ing all the time.
there anyway to enable ssh on a live usb version of Ubuntu?
so...I upgraded ubuntu from 9.10 to 10.04 and then to 10.10. Everything worked fine. Now I'm trying to upgrade to 11.04 and I keep getting a partial upgrade message.
does anyone know if i will have problems with a dell mini 10v/1011 and how do i find out if it is a 32 bit computer or 64 bit if i wont load through the windows logo
ask,I'm having problems with internet.. I get random "invalid URL" messages for websites. Help?
installed 10.04 and updates......is there essential packages i need to get?
anyone tried to run duke nukem in wine yet?
 guys, im on xubuntu 11.04 and id like to install gnome 3 to try it out, but i noticed in the package manager theres 2 options of a package called "gnome" and one called "gnome-session" gnome seems to be a package that includes alot of software and tools. but im wondering if i install that, will it take over my XFCE installation, or can i choose either from gdm
rhelp please, how to restar gnome pannels?
cis there any way to get 11.04 back to a default look
have ubuntu 10.10... do i really need to move to 11.4?
when ubuntu boots it shows the ubuntu version ands 4 dots that change color as it loads... how is this changed?
i just installed 11.04, and i was wondering, i cant see the effects tab in appearance. I wanted the 'super+tab' effect that you get on selecting Extra, but cant find that.
guys, why is truecrypt not in the repos?
I have a standard ubuntu - when I put a DVD in the player it appears to read it and asks me if I want ti sart movie player, then movie player rells me that it can nt read the disk - do I need to add something to allow it to decode commercial DVDs, if so, what?
Hi. I'm running Ubuntu 11.04 Server on VirtualBox. How can i load a CD mounted to the virtual cd drive in command line?
trying to install the broadcom drivers in ubuntu 11.04 but it says b43-fwcutter not found
does anyone here have ADD and wouldn't mind me asking them a few questions? PM me please.
does any one know where the grub config file is located??////////////
to create a file in folder iside the terminal ?
hmmm I think 11.04 is a huge step backwards for ubuntu!  hope there is a way to install the gnome desktop like in 10.04... is there?
does empathy work with a skype account?
can I set the amount of idle time till the screen automatically locks?
hiyall. been searching for ages.. tried lots.. got desk natty narhwall install  but gfx card driver is being a git. radeon 9200 agp.  i buffer dsn't redraw.. suggests????
giorno
anybody help me out w/ a grub problem?
what do you guys recommend for file sharing  from windows to ubuntu?
Is there somebody here who can answer a question for me? I'm thinking about moving to linux/ubuntu, but have one nagging issue. I do use a LOT of windows based programs, some of which do not have linux counterparts. Videos i've seen show linux using windows programs and games, but do not say how. Is it still just as easy as double clicking an EXE? Or is like in a mac environment, where i'm going to need to run an emulation suite?
know how to check freespace on my hdd?
does anyone know what "bad interpreter: No such file or directory" means when trying to run a pythong script? it seems I have python installed and im wondering if its location is /usr/bin/python in ubuntu 10.04?
Hi, guys! I have a problem with Ubuntu Live CD, can someone help?
do I scan my Linux system for rootkits, worms, trojans, etc.?
Hello , i have a small problem , my grub2 boot list countdown (timer) disappeared . any ideas ?
anyone have RTL8187 wireless chipset?
#ubuntu,"Hack The Planet" lol that was an inspirational movie for me
Please, on my windows computer I can join the irc.EpikNet.org server, but I don't know how to do it on the xChat client, can someone help me please ?
I hit a snag... I can't create an additional partition because I have exceeded the amount of primary partitions, is there a way to increase the limit of primary partitions ?
 how do I access the 11.04 grub menu from bootup?
Would I get better performance if I gave swap an entire hdd to itself?
how can i list the channels of a irc server ?
somebody help me with a question i have concerning raid and fstab
I can't connect to wireless on ubuntu 10.10. please help!
Can anyone direct me to the best USB wifi adapters that don't require days of setup in Ubuntu
happens if I remove Ubuntu desktop?
hey wanna change the init level to text  mode ...what is it ?
is pastebin in ubuntu's package? i tried "apt-cache search pastebin" but could not find
do i disable network manager?
Im running the lts version of ubuntu can i still keep the same gui etc in natty i heard they completely changed it?
hi! is there any dvd iso (with gui) version of ubuntu server available?
there a simple way to restore a folder I deleted with 'rm -rf /path/to/folder/' ?
hi there, sorry for interrupting ur conversation... just have one minimal problem with the ubuntu user interface and want to ask for a solution :D, i installed ubuntu a few days ago for my first time, when you open a window the taskbar turns into the top of the window, i did't change anything, but now the window and the taskbar are seperated, how can i make this unhappened?
Hi, is there a way to install flash from adobe? i think its faster than other
hard would it be to make a script that generated an image each day from a template?
I have problem with ubuntu10.10 its hanging continously please help me
bonjour est ce un salon francophone ?
do you adjust the special effects of the desktop in natty?
What should the size of my /boot partition be on Xubuntu 11.04 x86_64?
please, guys... is it better to use aptitude or apt-get?
guys, I'm having issues with install 10.04 on a Dell PowerEdge 2600 server. It seems the kernel version causing panics with the raid controller. Anyone come across this and/or got any suggestions please?
hi all i do have a problem i need some help its about wine how to configure it to play cod 7 and i have a 512 mb vga
how do i use the old desktop for ubuntu 11.04?
there. how can i enable a getty on ttyS0 on a todays ubuntu system that doesn't have an /etc/inittab file? thanks.
What would be the best filesystem for both Ubuntu and Windows; NTFS or ext3?
if the package exists in oneiric, but not in lucid, should i package the program from scratch (if i want to make the ppa for it, so others can use it) or should i somehow use the oneiric (new) package?
everyone, whats the best multiprotocol IM messenger for Ubuntu 11.04?
un saludo desde Palma de Mallorca. España
if apt-get downloads a package but errors out on installing it, where does it store the package it downloaded?
all! Is there a Wubi IRC channel?
How do I remove the annoying Ubuntu launcher on the left?
Hello all - What is fwcutter called when 10.04 LTS is installed?  I need to unpack some winders drivers for a netgear WNA3100 radio dongle
All. A bit off topic. I was wondering if anyone had any career advice for someone in software. I'm currently developing a career plan.
is it possable to install gnome 3 on ubuntu .. or are there major problems with that?
como tenia q hacer para poder aprobechar los drivers de windows en ubuntu¿
can you submit recommendations and feedback to teh makers of linux
Hi, does anybody know how to change output frequency in Ubuntu? My card is capable of 24bit 192kHz but I don't know where to set this
Hi, can anyone help me with a script?
there a way to change the sources.list that the alternate installer uses so that it will get all packagres from HTTP mirror instead of from the CDROM?
Hey all, what's the command too see free space on a hard drive?
hi... does anyone know what the situation is (support-wise) regarding hybrid graphics with sandy bridge in laptops?
it possible to run WUBI Ubuntu and Windows simultanously? Even in 2 screens?
Yesterday I helped a friend of mine install linux on their personal computer.  Ubuntu worked FLAWLESSLY.  It was an asus eee (even the wifi worked out of the box!)  Is there a place I can post my story?  Ordinarily I'd say something to managment. Who in Ubuntu is 'Management'?
hey, I have an athlon xp 1800 from 2003, which ubuntu version would fit me?
need to remove iwl3945 Realtek 802.11n Wlan driver, any cmd suggestions?
Ist jemand anwesend der die deutsche sprache beherrscht?
Hey guys any natty  aircrack users in here?
channel, any android users out there have a sec to quickly review my app, named Jarvis
Hey ... someone from brazil?
halguien que hable español?
am not finding the proper wording when I search, how do I switch the close, mini,ize, maximize buttons back to the right in ubuntu 10.04 ?
i wanna go back tomy linux mint server but i cannot look up the hostname it fails there evreytime
I have a question which might have a simple answer, can someone point me in the right direction for a dvd player app for ubuntu?
can any one tell me where i can get this library "libg2c.so.0" I have ubuntu 11.04 installed and I am not able to find it
Hi, whats the best mp3 player in linux? I want something close of winamp, that easy to manage playlist and put skins?
jak kompilować C na linux?
GRUB stored inside the "System Reserved" partition?
just installed ubuntu and it asked me to restart, when  did it gives me a PXE-E53 error..... ???
how do i reset the desktop,top tool bar, bottom toolbar to default settings?
подключится к русскому каналу
I broke my ubuntu installation, making it unbootable, but I managed to mount the disk on a mac, is there any log of all the programs I installed with apt-get to use in a new installation?
audacity saya it cant cotrol my input volume and to use the system mixer, this is very annoying, is it fixable?
there any way to use wired internet connection and wifi connection at the same time and have web browers use one connection and other program use other ?
SO you dont need Anti Virus on ubuntu? whys that?
holas
 could someone tell me the meaning of phrase "Rep Sales" and what is "Rep", in other words? About what it is (context - maybe form or report)
всем привет!
hey guys. I have a question. I have a computer set up a windows and ubuntu parition. I want to overwrite my ubuntu partion with a fresh install. Will I have to restore my MBR?
 what is the best language to program graphics with?
do i have to do something after modifying /etc/default/grub as with lilo ?
why do people still support Google when they don't support Net Neutrality?
I go somewhere else for Wine problems?
When a terminal window hangs, because it becomes "running process". IS there something I can type to release it?  Without interrupting the process with ^C      Or CTRL+C?
anyone have a myspace invite?
 can I ask tech questions here?
does anyone here use a usb tv tuner stick?
Help!!! I just installed a second distro alongside Ubuntu and now grub doesnt recognize ubuntu. When i select it from the menu i get an error message saying file not found.
there a way to contact Canonical regarding a launchpad issue other than rt? I emailed RT a while ago (months) multiple times, and never got a response
i have some questions in ubuntu be cause  i am a new user
Cock-juggling thunder cunt
How can I install gnome3?
know what is the best tv viewer for tv tuner card with philips chip on it ?
does anyone know why if i want to update my pc, the screen appears and showing this message "An upgrade from 'jaunty' to 'lucid' is not supported with this tool. "
my laptop runs hotter when using Ubuntu. why?
I need a new OS for my VPS the old one is like Fedora Core 6 ( ancien ) so is this Ubuntu 10.04 Server edition good
Can anyone help me pinpoint an issue I'm having with firefox's GUI?
do you guys have many people asking on how to remove this new fancy unity from ubuntu?
does seahorse > Other Keys show the validity of a certain entry as "Full" but on another Ubuntu computer in the same LAN as "Unknown"?
Добрый день. Я бы хотел задать вопрос , как можно открыть порты в файле "/lib/modules/2.6.38-8-generic/kernel/net/ipv4/netfilter/ip_tables.ko" ? просто команда "sudo nano" когда открывет не воспринимается кодировка
why is this room so empty???
 i need help with linux mint, is there a channel except ##linuxmint about it?
hello. how can I install samba server for ubuntu 5.04? :)
how to recover the grub ?
  I am unable to boot because my disk won't mount after a weird crash.  I think the file system is corrupted.  Is anyone able to help please?
Is there a supported upgrade method from 9.04 to 10.04 lts, or current.  Server install.
how do I instll tcl on ubuntu 11.04
aiuto
hi, i'm trying to install 'build-essentials' but apt keeps saying unable to locate package
I'm having trouble scp'ing some files, I keep getting "scp: ambiguous target" even though I know the path is right.  here's the command: scp -r /home/anthony/Music/Al\ Green tony@server.com:/My\ Music/ . I know the directory /My\ Music/ is there (although it's a symlink) and the command works as scp -r /home/anthony/Music/Al\ Green tony@server.com:
 could someone assist me with a sound issue? I'm able to hear sound through my speakers (rear green out) but not through my headphones (front green out).
Hi, please, how show I set up my Ubuntu for scanning over lan on Xerox Phaser MFP? I am watching sane, but it is no clear for me...
how do you install flash player for Firefox?
can i do if my openssl/md5.h file is missing?
I'm upgrading to 10.10 from 10.04, then immediately doing an upgrade to 11.04 from 10.10.  I'd like to ask, what is the better upgrade tool, ubuntu's (gnome's) or kde's?  I use both desktops.
Hey, I did a clean install of ubuntu 11.04 and tried to boot and it got stuck on a purple screen. Can anyone help with this please?
 I am trying to figure out how to set a cron to run on the 3rd thursday of the month, would this do  it? 0 2 15-25 * 4 /usr/bin/sysupdate.sh >> /var/log/maint.log
is it possible to launch something on display 0 while connected from tty through ssh?
Does anybody use clementine? Curious about a playlist issue I'm haivng.
to get a scanner to work in ubuntu?  it is a very old scanner
how do I safely close and restart the desktop gui?
hi, i got a western keybord (qwertz) and would like to write chinese caracters with it (basically write in ping yin and get automatically converted). What do I have to install/look for to enable it?
using gnome 3 able to assist me with getting transparent title bars? i have changed the metacity opacity but nothing happens
i just updated Ubuntu, the look changed lol.... My main problem is now my dual monitor isn't working.... It worked before updates and driver install.
Is there a way to get Ubuntu to work with Parallels?
ubuntu have a firewall?
what happens if I delete a partition wiht the flag of 'bios_grub
Is it possible to run an Ubuntu machine with no HDD but a USB drive?
all. Slight problem when trying to launch a terminal application from a menu (in particular, the problem has to do with 256 colour support for the terminal). If I launch the app *inside* an already existing gnome-terminal session, it all works fine. If I try to launch the app from *outside* (i.e. through a menu), it complains that the particular terminal doesn't have 256 colour support. Any ideas?
how come the newest version of netbean son ubuntu is behind the one that is on the netbeans website?
русские есть?
it possible to download and install Firefox-extensions centrally so that the can be used by all users?
is there a way on ubuntu to stress test the CPU?
who speak french ?
 how can i upgrade from 10.04 to 11.04?
anyon know the terminal command that updates everything.is it apt-get?
So I am trying to do an apt-get update and it fails with the error: Failed to fetch...bz2 file.  I ran wget for the bz2 file and a redirection takes place and goes to iwsearch.net.  What the hell is going on?
now have Win7 and ubuntu installed on my system. Since Ubuntu was intalled second, Grub is my mbr. If I reinstall ubuntu, will grub be reconfigured so I cant access Win7 by default?
i install gnome3 but ... unity and gnome3 for me ist very similar  :( its devil dream
Can someone help me please?
do i open a downloaded exe file
Hi, does anyone have time to help me resolve somewhat of an emergency?
Hola algun tio para follar con tio en almería?
s the best "desktop guide for dummies" out there.  I'm wondering how to use the chat thing up near my clock and can't figure it out
Okay, is it possible to go back to Gnome 2 with 11.04? I don't think I like this new interface
Доброго времени суток. Есть говорящие по русски?
try to upgrade ubuntu 10.10-11.04, and python2.7-minimal could not be upgraded because "E: pycompile:240: Requested versions are not installed". i only change maverick to natty in /etc/apt/sources.list
есть русские?
anyone tell me how to unzip a file that wont unzip?
just got a security update notification and then when trying to upgrade 404 errors
is there any way i can install 10.10 and get most of the updates except for the dist-upgrade?
can "lsmod" sort alphabetically?
a little confused atm, can someone help me clarify some things?
Anyone has a suggestion for installing latest/most stable nvidia drivers for a 9800GT on 11.04 ?
anyone used tomahawk player?
 11.04 has a new default desktop. is it easy to switch to the plain gnome desktop?
any one know wich flavior of linux is good for a pentium 3 500mhz and 288mb ram
Hey guys, i have a quick question if thats ok plz
know where/how rhythmbox keeps the list of files that it knows about?  I'd like to know how much disk space is used up for that purpose.
hi...how can i get gnome 3 for ubuntu 11.04..?
Is someone speak French here???
running "sudo apt-get dist-upgrade" upgrade from an LTS to a newer version or does it just install a newer kernel and things like that?
hello, i made a 50GB partion for windpw, how do i reset up grub/
how do I get ubuntu to boot to the grub menu please?
one can help on a multi boot problem with 10.10?
I have a quick question. When you sync and publish keys using seahorse, are the three key servers listed the only ones that have your keys?
Hey guys, can anyone explains to me please how to share internet between ubuntu and vista please...
can I make apt-get upgrade while leaving out some particular packages?
Alright guys. Should I use 32 or 64 bit for a file server? Needs NFS, SSH, VNC and a LVM disk setup
is this the official ubuntu channel?
04 how to cange to gnome 3.0?
I join in the ubuntu-it?
I have a problem
do i go about switching to classic desktop view ?
hi is gnome 3 supported?? from ubuntu??
пиздец в натуре
someone know python?
preciso de ajuda, tanto o ubuntu 10.04 quanto o 11.04 encherga a rede sem fio mas não se conecta
guys, i d like to rip my DVDs. never done it. but now xbmc is running well, and i d love to do so. problem: i d like to keep 2 audio tracks and subtitles. Could anybody here inform me on how to do it?
QUE HABLE ESPAÑOL
they should add something to censor windows lol
is there a dev channel?
guys. Where can I find some docu about creating an Ubuntu template? I mean like a live-cd, that installs Ubuntu with my specific setup and packages I have selected to be installed.
10,hello there, can sm1 help me with ubuntu 11.10, please? I need to change the movement key to be the win key and i can not find where to change that ... :(
what is MD5
have 10.04 why do i not seem to have the add-apt-repo command
is there a method to install/uninstall packages on a system so that it matches exactly the packages that are installed on another system?
hi! i want to switch to ubuntu 11.10 beta. How to do it?
need help
anybody know anything about virtualbox?
can someone tell me howto compile on natty i get glibc-static devel message
- automatic update today, kernel 2.6 -> 3.0 is the first thing I noticed - X is broken, gdm complaining about security issues. anyone know whats up?
when i hit (ctrl + d) in terminal what signal is that sending?
anyone experienced with troubleshooting software raid and GPT issues?
all, I have not been here before.  I am interested in installing Ubuntu onto a USB stick, would like to know if it can be done.
Hello, my /home folder is full, how do I get more space to it? There is room in hd.
how can I get gnome-shell to be default shell in 11.04?
just tried installing Ubuntu 10.04 LTS from alternate CD. I choose to use entire disk. When in comes to the step "select and install programs", it fails with the error: "installation step failed. You can try to run the step again from the menu or skip it." If I skip it, the next step is to install GRUB, which fails without the failing step done. What to do?
Where can I find info about the updated security updates? I got a large bunch of updates this morning and would like to know what's going on...
Does anyone know of a comptaible touch screen monitor for ubuntu? Googling is giving very mixed results.
wine support Photoshop CS5?
Hi any buddy know how to open blocked sex site from ubuntu ????
hi. what is the app/program that lets me see cpu temp? i have 11.04
 I have got my update-grub to work :D. I made a /boot/grub/device.map with "(vg1-ubuntu--root) /dev/vg1/ubuntu-root" as the only contents
Is Karmic Koala server no longer supported?  If it isn't, there isn't a note to that affect on https://wiki.ubuntu.com/KarmicKoala
anyone knows where i can find Sys::Mmap package, from apt-get and not CPAN ?
one here is using thinkpad or have installed ubuntu amd64?
I have a question
Can anyone point me to right direction about installing ubuntu on a flash drive when I don't have another media, but do have bunch of Linux machines I can use
anyone,anyone good with compiz here ?
my laptop's processor is an Amd 64 can i install kubuntu 10.04  32 bit version?
Is it possible to change the titles of the OS's in the grub2 boot menu?
br?
if my website is in "sub.example.com" inside /etc/hostname I need to have "sub" or "sub.example.com" ?
hello , I test mysql's load_file("/test") :select load_file("/test"); in debian & rhel, it returns content of file "test" ,but in ubuntu it return NULL , please help
manager" is frozen.. what is the name of that process so that i can kill it?
Any of y'all got gnome3 working yet ?
In othrer words, unity sucks monkey penis.
using gnome3 with ubuntu 10.10?
Is there anyone here can help me?
can anyone help me install nvidia geforce gt 440 drivers on ubuntu 11.04?
guys I am trying to remotly update a ubuntu machine over ssh but I keep getting "Media Change: Please insert the disc labelled 'Ubuntu 11.04 _Natty Narwhal_ - Release i386 (20110427.1)'in the drive ‘/cdrom/’ and press enter" does anyone know how I can update without access to the cd drive?
I have a unity question. Everytime I click on the application icon on the sidebar, it just shows me the instance of the application I already have open. How can i get the icon to launch a new instance?
hi all  can anyone help me with my internet connection problem?
is Metasploit Channel ??
Roast beef curtains
Fucking Pussy 
Motherfucking cum freak 
Fist fuck clitty litter
Blue waffle
Schlong juice
Lick my froth
Jenkem
Sausage queen
Fuckmeat
Get some squish 
Eat a dick
Bang your box and meat drapes
Anyone familiar with mod_security?
any of you familiarized with running  a ded server for garys mod or counterstrike source...been trying to get help all day  -_-
guys Im running ubuntu 10.04 on a vpn and am connected via putty. I was wondering how can I download a package and get it to install? The sudo apt-gets arent working so I figure I can just get the program directly from their link provided..
Hello, I am new to Ubuntu, so please forgive me if I missed something. I just downloaded the .iso file and burned it, then tried to boot and install it, and it went straight (well, slowly; it's a CD) to what looked like a login screen. The only option visible was other, so I clicked on it and it brought me to a field that said "Username:" so I typed in the username that I wanted and then the password in the password field, but it
How could I set up a script to bzip2 the contents of a directory individually. I have a directory of .bsp files and I'd like to compress them all to .bsp.bz2 individually.
de almeria?
Have some program to implement a firewall? some easy to manage and no coding needs?
Hi, can I get some help w/ubuntu
there any way to install grub2 in ubuntu 10.10?
Народ, как transmission под проксю настроить?
does anyone know where I can get documentation on ubuntu server's maximums?
know how I change my ubuntu computer name?
se tiver algum br por favor abrir um new tab !
Hi, is there a good chatroom for questions about rabbits?
m having issues dual booting. I have xp and ubuntu both installed. ubuntu after xp. The problem is, grub is not displaying the boot load menu, so all I can do is boot into ubuntu. is this a resolution issue? if so, how do I fix it?
What's the default root password? I need to su root
is "Compact Navigation" available in Chromium/Chrome for Linux yet?
abla español o.0
What is the best firewall in ubuntu server?
10,so any news on 11.10?
all. "netstat -a" is showing me this "tcp        0      0 0.0.0.0:telnet          0.0.0.0:*               LISTEN". does this mean that it is listening for connections from any IP on port 23?
hey i got a question if anyone can help me figure it out
is anyone here that can help me out
everybody some one have a router WIFI TP-LINK model WR 642 G, i need some help!!!!!!!!!!!!
what did you guys think of Steve Jobs resigning? im not an apple fan, but thats industry relevant.
I need help!
to compile using gcc ?
I need to give my sisters Asus eee 900 a refresh. Is that Ubuntu Netbook Edition still around (and good)?
hello guys, I would like to know how can I update the program vesion of the Software center
have a live USB of Ubuntu. how do I install packages that are there in the live USB via synaptic?
Is it possible to set the side bar to not disappear when an app is full screen or moved all the way to the left?
Hi, i have a basic question... i installed a nagios server... It works... but what should i install on the client? snmp? nagios? other?
haq,so.... I uninstalled Unity, but didnt reinstall gnome before restarting. what do i do now?
is there an up to date tutorial on how Upstart is used on natty that I could use to make a lighttpd daemon conf file?
ktos wie ja polaczyc sie z shell w ubuntu w windzie uzywalem putty
I need some help
how can i view a list of windows shares on an XP machine via terminal?
alguien habla español?
all, i saw that the Dell Vostro 3700 is ubuntu certified (http://www.ubuntu.com/certification/hardware/201001-4961:201004-5579). Currently I'm running Ubuntu 10.10 and hence, the NVidia card isn't working out of the box (got bumblebee though). Does Ubuntu 11.04 have the same problem? Or should I consider updating?
hey is there some way to have the unity launchbar use a different icon theme from nautilus and the notification area, etc.?
how do i get rid of a window left over from a process i killed
there any mouse shortcut to minimize windows on gnome 3?
can I have gnome and xfce installed simultaneously?
I just upgraded to 11.04 and the new keyboard shortcuts have broken my existing keyboard shortcuts ... is there a way to modify the keyboard shortcuts in 11.04?
someone suggest a backup program to me? I'm looking for something that can encrypt my backup and then upload it elsewhere else
Hi, I'm trying to use my floppy drive and it wont mount the disc. it looks like floppy.ko is missing and running modprobe floppy gives Error inserting floppy <path>/floppy.ko no such device. Help?
hola, alguien que hable español para una ayuda?
anyone tell me what image viewer comes on by default on ubuntu 10.10?
What is the default root password on a ubuntu install
Does it matter if ubuntus partition is closer to the center of the disk? Does it matter at all whether its one of many logistical drives, or a primary?
can I bring focus to the top bar with Applications, Places etc. on it without the mouse
ich bin ein neuling in sachen ubuntu
ubuntu spain?
pinning,Hey guys, I built rtorrent from source so I could have the color options, but every time i do an apt-get upgrade it breaks, and seems to go back to the version that doesnt support colors.  Is there a way I can tell apt-get upgrade to exclude rtorent?
i have upgraded to gnome3 but X dont start now
hello, can you help me get a nvidia gtx 460 work an ubuntu 10.10
get the first part of this command but can someone explain what is going on after output.txt "modprobe > output.txt 2>&1
hola, se puede exportar los contactos de gmail o evolution a skype
hi. trying to install ubuntu with cd but just get a blank purple screen
i have a old win 98 px with 288 mb ram whare can i find a lighter ver of linux that it will run
ciao a tutti
how to get libmp3lame ?
guys, I executed a script in terminal... but it take too much time to finish his job... is there anyway to put it in "pause" then resume it later?
Where do I go for a Wifi (if possible N and, why not N300) solution for my desktop?
hola alguien me puede ayudar las particiones no las puedo montar
apt-get install xubuntu-desktop will get rid of unity and install xfce?
So I upgraded an ubuntu-server dev box from 10.10 to 11.04 and grub decided to fail.  How exactly do I tell grub to boot from an LVM?
hi there , i want to upgrade to 11.04 in command line , how can i do it?
m on 10.04, does that mean that I'm using Debianoid with Upstart?
I have a telnet problem when trying to check e mail, anyone could help?
by chance, can i have some help
there. I just installed ubuntu 11.04 on a notebook and currently I'm on my desktop pc with dual boot ubuntu 10.04 and win7. I think I like more the GUI from 10.04 rather than the new 11.04. Don't like that left sidebar on 11.04. What do you guys think? What are your thoughts.
is it possible to install 11.04 over 8.04
need help on speakers
using gnome3?
how to register for chat?
how do I uninstall Kubuntu from my Ubuntu system?
sabe como eliminar la leyenda que aparece arriba de la cuenta regresiva del grub asi como el marco? :þ
всем привет
Anyone know anything about EFI boot?
there  a primer for new linux ubuntu users to teach them the basics of this system other than the manual? Things like where files downloaded are stored and the shell command system for youngsters?
Does any1 know how to start the ubuntu installer from  a mounted cd?
hello If I use Live CD will something screw up?
can I bypass internet connection requirement while installing Ubuntu using LiveUSB/CD?
can anyone help undelete a file ????????
what is the irc chatroom for playonlinux?
there CCleaner for Ubuntu?
 can i use any firewall with ubuntu?
My sounds are not working with Intel 945 board builtin sound card
good is the "Black Screen" on a CRT for a screen saver?  Don't I really want colors and stuff flashing about for it?
Hi! I accidentaly deleted /usr/bin/locale and I can't get it back, I tried purging and installing "locales" but I can't get the /usr/bin/locale again
how do i change/enable root
I look at system info or all hardware info from live cd with terminal?  if so what is the command?
what program to unpack rar files in ubuntu?
I want to make livecd of my current operating system so I can boot it up on another computer and instal it and still have all of my applications. How do I do this?
OS X Lion!!!
how to stop blank screen, who appear after 10 minutes, when watching movies?
möchte windows xp installieren und dann ubuntu
 I want to install Ubuntu on a partition of my laptop. I have a 1Gb flash drive. Wat do
Anyone have a decent guide on how to set up a email sever on Ubuntu?
i need help
anyone help me with a raid issue? Using ubuntu server 11.04 w/ webmin
is there a minecraft for linux ? or do u run it on wine?
when will ubuntu get the latest VLC version (1.1.11 , current in package manager is 1.1.09
m running oneiric and i keep getting this "system program problem detected" dialogue up, report problem doesn't seem to do anything and there doesn't seem to be a /var/log/crash created, is there a log that i can look at to see what's going on?
How can I enter in ubuntu italian channel?
i need help
to setup a wireless network to share with other computers from ubuntu
Amigos una pregunta
is it hard to have a system monitor embedded in the background of your desktop?
chinese here ?
can anyone help me with an ssh problem???
does anyone have any good alternatives to virtualbox?
can I config my kernel for ignoring UNITY gui ?  Any option to untick ?
Anyone know how to install a printer with a .deb package?
how can i log into root? bash doesnt work...
m looking to set a youth hostel up which currently has a hosed Windows box with a scenario whereby they just run off a live Ubuntu DVD all the time... any suggestions (small distro) or other ideas?
hello, how to pass grub in text mode ? i'm have "out of range" in screen
10,I guess there are some people here using 11.10 with nouvea? How are they working?
there a web server that I could take it for learning web devlopment likes XAMP in windows?
I there, a little offtopic, but can I connect 2 infiniband cards without a switch in the middle?
partitioning help please! trying to install Ubuntu in a external hd, want to partition 200gb on a 1TB hdd for use, so do i change the /dec/sdc1 or do i add new partition table to /dev/sdc, newbie at partitioning :(
all. Does anyone know the default encryption algorithm Linux uses for zip -e?
Hi. Do any of the mozillateam PPAs have builds for PPC?
I was trying to change the settings of unity (to make it visible every time) but messed up. Now, though I am able to search(window button+'text') but for selecting I am unable to use array keys. I have to use mouse everytime. How to resolve this issue?
know if you boot to ram will it also copy your casper-rw files so it will load your changes you've made?
hi guys, how to set compiz ?
could anyone tell me how i can give permission to a non-root user to unmount partitions?
anyone one know of a barebones varient of ubuntu?
there have chinese
is there a guide to follow for when yeadphones don't work?
 alguien que hable español?
hello, can someone tell me how to name the other part of code name - Narwhal, in my presentation (Natty is name of animal), thanks!!
Hi, is it necessary to have an antivirus with xubuntu ??
i need to register an account to talk in #sql?
Could someone help me?
is there a way to install gnome 3?
 everybody!! .. i was here yday asking why i get 2 users when i run "uptime" in terminal .... now when i run it iget 3 users despite there is only 1 terminal open ... when i run "W" i get my name 3 time! ... is it ok or there is something wrong here!?? help plz!
hello, im thinking about upgrading to ocelot, but first i want to ask if its usable in current state
Where can i report a ubuntu bug?
адрес русского чата Ubuntu
'm having a weird problem where i can't seem to access subdomains... example: google.com works fine and loads instantly. mail.google.com times out after about 5 mins or so. Chrome and FF. on a windomws machine on the same network, both are working fine :S
hi, can anyone help me hide all files between separate users....or is there a link anyone can point me to that talks about user ids and managing groups?
  I upgrade to 11.04 and now my sound doesn't work. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks
Why is in Natty pre-installed Brasero but not sound-juicer?
update manager all of a sudden waits for me to acknowledge the change log (of some packages at least), for this I have to open "details" and press q. Where could I have set this? (aka Where can I turn it off again?)
know where to find a patch to make WebMin follow Ubuntu packaging system?
is unity customizable? any links on how to? and can some one  please tell me how can i get the  mail icon to let me know when i have new mail please?
how caN I burn img files?
the discussion?
where can I find the preferences and adminstrative task handling with unity ? like I want to configure my monitor settings and login settings, but in unity menu I can only add apps on it
hi everyone, i have a question, i'm running UBUNTU and i'm programming in C with gcc, can anyone tell me what is the most appropriate channel to ask my question? in #gcc channel i can't send anything, any help?
anyone available to help with an issue?
Anyone know what package adds the files "include /usr/share/cdbs/1/rules/autoreconf.mk" and "include /usr/share/cdbs/1/class/autotools.mk"?
can I change the colour of the text in /etc/motd ? and how ? :-)
anyone help me?
Русские есть??
hi, i have install ubuntu 11.04. and lotz of things has changed. how can i get get the status bar that i used see at the bottom of the screen with all my programs running. that i could click to switch from one program to another?
un saludo.¿Se habla español aquí?
Can anyone verify compatibility of 11.04 on a Lenovo E520?
hmmmm pastebin site?
anyone tell me why backtrack crashed
how do i do this? i want grep to color highlight my terms, but i want to print the whole file, not just lines that are matched
hi, kubuntu took over grub, it just auto loads now and i cannot access the grub list, any idea how to add a timer?
 I just switched from an Nvidia GPU to an AMD GPU and X doesn't start up and I already tried sudo dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg but that from my perspective does nothing; Any hints?
how can we use java in this os
please tell me that  do any one has this /dev/.udev director?
habla español?
if I wanted to use an ubuntu box as a gateway/nat for my lan, do I have to install any special software?
Hi all.  Has anyone been able to get Thunderbird to work with the Message Indicator in Natty?
i have question how to enter grub during booting if ubuntu is only operating system ?
I know this sounds hella newb but once I am on the man page how do I exit back out to terminal?
Hallo kennst sich jemand mit Ylmf aus? Soll ein Ubuntu-System sein
espanol
anyone know how to run a script on resume from standby?
I want to install 10.10 so I can use ati-10.10/11, how can I make a USB install from the iso?
mam pisac po polsku czy po angielsku?
has any1 here got black ops to work on linux?
does anyone here facing problem with wireless connection in 11.04 on broadcom bcm4311?
have an USB external SATA drive dock. I hooked it up and the disk has been spinning several minutes, but I have no indication the drive has actually been mounted. How should I proceed?
а тут Русские есть?
alguem sabe como entrar no canal do luzlSecBrasil
are the alternatives beside kde, gnome, xfce for ubuntu?
why exactly is it unadvised to run `sudo` for graphic apps? is it because of the $HOME env not being set?
hi guys, how can i upgrade 11.04 from 10.10?
installed ubuntu server, how can i edit my IP address for me to apt-get update
Hi, have to select ubuntu 2d to get window menues and the main menu in ubuntu 11.10 any hints?
spanish help?
can i install the ati catalyst driver on ubuntu 11.04???
can anyone tell me how to prevent ubuntu 10.10 from loading X server and services wich are not necessary for tty? i want to speed up system boot and manually start the rest of the system like x-server and extra services if needed :)
hai all , can anyone help me to upgrade my BIOS ? I'm using HP dv2000 intel centrino Duo.
to change username for xchat?
hi friends ...we all know that ubuntu partitions are going to be mounted without any password . but i wanna make some security to my harddisk partitions while mounting them . so can any one help me to solve this problem
у кого 11.04?
 в wine тормозит курсор. Причем чем меньше FPS тем сильней. В windows курсор не зависит от FPS. Игра: Emperor - Battle for Dune.
can somone help me with the folowing: i want to unistall debian, but i cannot recover mbr in windows, for sgd does not work. Installing ubuntu will let me run windows and ubuntu, solving the problem of the mbr?
spanish??
do I remove or unhold "held packages?" It's preventing me from upgrading
Hi, I m testing Ubuntu 11.04 for the first time and I checked the opened connections with netstat. Can someone explain to me why there are connection to cannonical.com? e.g. barbadine.canonical:www CLOSE_WAIT  tbarth  23625 1760/gvfsd-http
can someone recommend a netbook with 3G that runs linux flawlessly?
there a way to turn off some of the compiz effects on ubuntu 11.04?
Hi, Can I make a minimal install of ubuntu with the regular CD or do I need to use the server CD?
i have a little problem, any help is greatly appreciated
can I use Classic, instead of Unity
can i recover videos than are delete?
Hey guys, I am using the new version of Ubuntu from a Live CD and trying to access an NTFS Partition for the purpose of backing up its conents, but am receiving an error. It says: Error mounting: mount exited withe xit code 13: ntfs_attr_pread_i: ntfs_pread failed: Input/output error Failed to read NTFS $Bitmap Input/output error NTFS is either inconsistent, or there is a hardware fault, or it's a SoftRAID/FakeRAID ahrdware.
it okay to just ask a question or is there a queue?
does ubuntu still use md5+salt for passwords in /etc/passwd?
whats the screen called where it loads the different OS on the different partions/
file stores the keyboard shortcuts which I have defined using gnome-keyboard-properties?
hey please can anyone help me?
hi friends,how to mound an data card
there a channel for "ubuntu software center"?
is there any other ubuntu channels
hi, how do I set up a router? I do not want a NAT! I want to connect two networks!
can help me to install nvidia driver on an Backtrack Ubuntu please? would be great
Is there a way to reduce the Ubuntu menu (Applications, Places,System) so it only displays as a single icon to click and splits off to those menus only after clicked?
hi all how do i join the pinguyos chat
folks. Are the any wubi specific forums,chat rooms, or other things on the net. Other then the default ubuntu web page that shows you how to install it ?
does anybody know how to remove  password from rar?
Installed ubuntu dual-boot with windows 7. Installed fine. After installation, it asked for a reboot. I rebooted and logged into windows instead of ubuntu. Now ubuntu doesn't work or even show up in the add/remove programs. Any help is appreciated
tasksel': "tasksel is a user interface for installing tasks." Where are these »tasks« defined?
is there a way to install proper gnome instead of unity ?
hello im trying to install a .sh file but with no success, i get a cannot allocate memory message, anyone help?
all, does anybody know how to enable dragging and dropping files through a gnome-panel?  This definitely worked through older versions of ubuntu
hi, pls i upgraded to natty but i still need the former way i access applications in 10.10. How do i do it ?
I need to send a special character code sequence to a printer - the printer recognizes it and opens a cash drawer - I assumed I could just echo >/dev/lp0 but I get a permissions issue even when as root - how do I do this
do I downdate to a previous kernel? (I previously removed via apt-get remove)
my cifs share is messed up in ubuntu 11.04. It seems to be recursively mounted on itself. I can see the main directory list, but a dir list inside any dir gives the same list.
Hi, I run 11.04 (classic) and "saving session" doesn't work anymore. Aynone knows an alternative or solution to get something similar?
 Can someone help me? I'm dummy on this server
Добрый день, имеется вопрос :)
Anyone having problems with intel video?
speaks Portuguese??
Hello. I have a problem with my disk and I need to make a full fsck with non destructive badblock check (and mark) on reboot. How can I do that?
Hi guys. I've just installed a ubuntu 11.04 VPS from my hosting's templates. However, it seems to be missing APT! Is there any way I can install APT or should I just give them a call and tell them to cut the ****?
s going on with libreoffice and openoffice.
anybody use wine here?
cè qualcuno per una info?
any one know to make my backtrack 4 r2 look like mac??
i know this isn't channel appropriate but is anyone else having trouble with netflix on nintendo wii right now?
which media player will support 3gp videos?
do I change my workstation or computer name on Ubuntu 11.04?
is there a way to tell apt, when I'm doing 'apt-get --reinstall install <package>' to reinstall all Deps as well?
what does the "l" command do? I could'nt find any man pages.
 I am trying to get wireless working. On a Dell Inspiron. The relevant hardware is Broadcom Corporation BCM4311 802.11b/g WLAN (rev 01)
can some one point me out another linux news site instead of linux.com?
how exactly does rc.local work, can I just type commands in there and save it or...?
can I upgrade ubuntu from 9.04 to the last stable through the command line?
i've got some questions.. btw where i can join postfix channel?
how does one install a tarball?
is fun.  I'm trying to help someone in another state debug a problem setting up a ubuntu computer that was working fine before.  Now it's connected through a new comcast cable internet connection and it's connected directly to a motorola speedstream. it doesn't seem to be getting a dhcp response.  any ideas?
я куда попал?)
what is the virtualbox channel?
guys, which channel should I go to for backtrack support?
siema
is natty the stable build of ubuntu 11.10?
cmd I can use to list all my install apps?
does anyone know what do I use to view  graphviz files ?
is there a program other than the beta skype I can use to connect to the skype network?
y'all... does anyone knows how to control  access to hard drives to other account/users  (besides admin account) ?
i recently obtained a VPS, i want to send and receive mail. is it wise to install my own mail server, and what are the 'costs' (think about safety, spam etc) or is it better to use an thirth party service (budget is available)
how come htop shows 4 different cores for the intel i5-2520?
can help me with a video card nvidia NV34 [GeForce FX 5200] en ubuntu 10.04 , i try alots differents ways to do n google but nothing
How do i install java?
Hi, How can I change the date format to dd/mm/yyyy?
do i go about setting up weekly backups of my Ubuntu server to a USB disk?
is this the right channel for partition stuff?
Window's is so much better than Ubunut. It makes me sick to think that this OS was even created *Violently vomits on Ubuntu developers*
whats up with that unity window manager or what ever it is? how can i disable that, because it sux
you can still use Gnome, right?
how do I see what files a package has?
wont xchat connect to the irc.twit.tv server
guys, to can i install ubuntu if i have 4 primary partitions already? i have 3 for windows, restoration, etc., and 1 for opensuse which is located on the extended one. do i install ubuntu to the same extended partition, right?
Greetings.  I need to get a USB wireless ethernet adapter for a new 11.04 install. I'd like either recommendations for specific hardware, or a link to a list of hardware for which drivers exist.
canale è in ita?
How can I run a .exe file in Ubuntu?
salve a tutti
question. If I wanted to run an Ubuntu LiveCD on a x86_64 system, which ISO should I download?
hey all, I just purchased a new video card and want to see if its on the accepted hardware list. Can someone tell me where to find that information?
anyone knows any program which can create a .csv files from my phone contacts?
 join #bsd (Channel is invite only). What to do? I am registered.
his there a way, aside from reformatting, to downgrade from 10.10 to 10.04?
rпривет
 I enabled ccsm in my new ubuntu 11, now I have no vertical toolbar!
hola?
可有中国人在这啊？
 I've just run Natty Narwhal from CD and I had to restart the session. Now it asks for a username/password. Any help appreciated
Hello. I got problem with booting my Ubuntu (9.04). Yesterday there was some updates, and today when I booted my laptop, it ended up into BusyBox with error "ALERT! /dev/disk/by-uuid/... does not exist. Dropping to a shell!"
i just downloaded ubuntu server and im new to it, i wanted to setup internet sharing from it instead of using windows, can someone lead me in the right direction for it
know how I can edit the GRUB list?
I'm expecting a big NON here but any of you know if it would be possible to reinstall windows from a recovery CD while protecting my Ubuntu?
anyone use ubuntu as a virtual pc w/ windows host?  i tried using Oracle VirtualBox but, it made a teeny tiny window.
 what command will list all open files?
Which is the best MTA - postfix or exim?
im getting "kill: SIGINT: invalid signal specification" if i run "kill -s SIGINT $pid" in a bash script but it works to run that in the terminal...how come?
do I install a bunch of *.deb at the same time?
salu tt le monde
does ubuntu 11.04 use gtk 2.xx or gtk 3.xx?
is the command to delete a folder?
Whats the best way to backup my Ubuntu OS?
Can someone help me with a hardware issue i encountered when dual booting Ubuntu 11.04 and Windows 7?
 ive installed ms windows right after install ubuntu and i cant boot ubuntu anymore, how can i fix such problem
i was wonderinf if i could get some help
I have a question about setting up Ubuntu as a Gateway....
any one please help
hi, in terminal, I can use rmdir to delete a directory and make sure it's empty. is that possible to do it in nautilus? delete empty directory otherwise popup warning? thanks.
isnt there an 'alternate' ubuntu install disk simliar to that of debian's?
there a Ubuntu 'Netinst' cd?
Hello, what is the preferred typesetting for mathematical symbols in latex   "We want to predict a response or class Y from inputs X_1, X_2, X_3", the Y and X in this case. (arent they like boldcase in scientific articles)?
Yeeeeeeeeeee haaaaaaaaaaaaa installed the android on iPhone 4
haq,what must I do to never see a login prompt again?
please help, when I login the screen blinks black, and then reverts back to login screen. I have tried to xorg fixes, but none of them worked. I even pasted X11 folder from a working install of the same version of ubuntu, and it is still happening. Ubuntu 10.04.   in tty7 console it also shows "Home directory /etc/timidity not ours"
trying to upgrade from 10.10 to 11.04, ran apt-get update/upgrade then dist-upgrade and I'm getting 0 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded. Any thoughts? No errors, and Calculating upgrade says done
you guys like the Ubuntu 11 gui ?
can i ask a non ubuntu question in #ubuntu?
whats  good backup software for ubuntu?
you know speaking Spanish?
hi, i'm using natty and title bar is missing. i cannot access the close,min and max buttons
Hi everyone I have a  question will Mac PC games work on ubuntu its also linux right?
All, I would like to record skype sessions I am using  ubuntu 10.04
1,...so I don't suppose anyone's had any luck with Oneiric and BCM4329?
I tried to remove Gwibber on 10.04. It seems to still keep all my config files even if I tried to use the "complete removal" option from Synaptic.
just me or someone else had troubles with init.d scripts in ubuntu?
how can I dump someone that is currently using my nick?
boa tarde
guys i just install 11.04 and i want to know is  "fglrx" in repo have tear free or i have to install from amd.com ?
Just installed the Unity2D updates via update manager and now have 2 instances of the launcher starting?!?
hola soy nuevo alguien me da una mano?
here know of a good alternative program to Devede?
If were going to get a SSD for my system but am going to keep my data on a separate spinning drive or a NAS... how big of a SSD would you guys recommend
Is there a way to make dpkg ignore a package entirely (Not attempt to install/update it at all)?
is a good open source cd burning s/w for ubuntu like nero in windows?
does anyone know qwhere webmin stoers the backups it makes?
测试
! how can I joing other channel?
My root cron is not running for some reason, any ideas why? : 11 12 * * * /opt/scripts/sqlBackup.cron
is 'classic ubuntu' 2d unity or vanillaish gnome or what?
m looking at buying a new laptop for the first time in forever.  Anyone have any experience with Linux and the Intel HD Graphics 3000 GMA?
Bonjour! Dîtes-moi, j'essaie d'extraire un fichier en mode console. je tape: tar -x xammp-linux-1.7.4.tar.gz mais il ne se passe rien!
Quick question for you guys.  I have a new 2011 Macbook pro 13" 8,1  would the 32bit or 64 bit ubuntu 11.04 work better compatibility wise right out of the gate or would it make a difference
all, just started using Ubuntu for the first time for few days. i see the Firefox bundled with 11.04 isn't the latest version, so i go to Firefox site to upgrade to the latest version but not sucess.. it's not like Windows, just download and double click it to install?
Hi all. If I transfer a video from Ubuntu to my TV or to my mp4 player, the video doesn't play. If I do it from Windows it works fine. In PCLINUX there's an app you can install called 'task-multimedia' which solves the problem. Does Ubuntu have something similar or the same?
I have a system that when it runs apt-get upgrade seems to work but at the end fails to replace the kernel - dpkg: error processing linux-headers-generic (--configure):
do i downgrade to 10.10? 11.04 keeps crashing when i play video
Подскажите как мне выставить ограничение скорости на интернете ?
Hello guys, how can I disable X11?
happened to openoffice in natty?
please help me
有中国的吗
to get gnome3 do I need a ppa?
any idea about a network printer [NRG Dsc 328], as installed via cups [ps drivers or ppd file], prints 3 strings and 36 pages of nothing as i try to print a test page?
lame question time but here goes: what are some things i can do to make my ubuntu11 desktop look kewl as hell :)
здесь кто?
va ce soir ?
Anybody know a way to change standard runlevel in ubuntu/xubuntu to boot into text mode instead of gdm/xfce?
can help me! ?
why is [x] button to close windows to the left? .. when most people are right handed ?
Dear Ubuntu: How can I make the launcher work like older editions? I'm frustrated that I need to alt-tab to get to my various windows, and would like to actually see tabs for my various windows on the bottom, as I used to do. Is there a setting that allows this, or am I stuck alt-tabbing forever?
what is the point of NTFS-3G if partitions created by it cannot be read by windows?
What will be the next ubuntu release?
when i try to install googl chrome it reads ERROR: WRONG ARCHITECTURE "amd64" any help?
is better gnome 3 or unity
Is the source of rpc.imapd from the nfs-common package hosted somewhere to browse?
Can anybody explain to me the difference between /etc/modprobe.d/blacklist and /etc/modprobe.d/blacklist.conf (and the other /etc/modprobe.d/blacklist-*.conf)?
know the easy way to redirect port 8080 to port 80 (my app is on 8080 and I want it to be on port 80 also, all the time)?
Hi all!  What is a good program for ripping DVDs?  I want to play the files on my WD  TV  Live Plus box.
i have formated my hd, and trying to boot ubuntu 10.04 from cd, the cd starts but then the screen turns black and nothing happens, have tryed downloaded iso from different sites and burn new cd, nothing works!
ubuntu completely free from viruses?
What command can I run to see if I'm running 32/64 bit?
有中国人吗？
im going to take an intro to unix class, would ubuntu meet the needs of the class?
anyone tried Gnome3 on ubuntu ?!
Just performed "apt-get distro-upgrade" (11.04 were installed before the upgrade operation). After restart nor unity dash nor the panel started. There is only deskto and icons on it. I were able to run terminal by creating with right click a launcher to terminal. And that is all what I have. (I am writing from different computer)
 has anyone used remastersys to create a custom-live-cd? I did create one, everything else is working perfectly but /home/user eq /home/user/Desktop/. So it isn't creating Desktop, Pictures, Downloads, Document folders. Any ideas what could cause this problem?
мне сказали что тут можно получать квалифицированную помощь пользлвателям gnu/linux? это так?
hi all, just installed kubuntu 11.04, trying to find openssh-server.. apt-get says other packages refer to it but it's unavailable
кто русский тут?
I'm trying o boot from a liveusb. It shows a fine "boot as live or install" screen, even showing banshee in the sound settings(:), but when you choose boot, it shows but a blackscreen with a mouse on it. It playes the settup sound. I ran a md5 check on the .iso- it's good. What's wrong?
what package or service is responsible for the auto mounting?
guis i whant to start ubuntu with out gui any i dea on how?
any known bugs with wifi disconnecting in natty?
which is the recommended SMTP server
how to get brcm80211 drivers
any linux tool to create usb flash installer from an iso image?
Как в 10.04 подключить локалку?
leute
can anyone recommend a pciE sata controller card that "just works" with ubuntu?
what is everyones fav webcam app for linux?
2 Works under Wine ? I have Xubuntu Natty 11.04
I'd like to upgrade my ubuntu 10.10 box to 11.04
2001 It is discovered that US drug agents’ communications have been penetrated. Suspicion falls on two companies, AMDOCS and Comverse Infosys, both owned by Israelis. AMDOCS generates billing data for most US phone companies and is able to provide detailed logs of who is talking to whom. Comverse Infosys builds the tapping equipment used by law enforcement to eavesdrop on all American telephone calls, but suspicion forms that Comverse, whic
 Can somebody help me with my microphone?
if I use the dd command "dd if=/dev/sda of=/dev/sdb" to clone a drive for further restoration, will it wipe /dev/sdb? I try to append /dev/sdb with /linuxdisk.img and it doens't work
maverick is based off squeeze and natty is wheezy right?
released an app for that eb3ha4el
does anybody know if unity-2d on omap4 is hardware accelerated?
hey hello, is in 11.04 netbook and desktop the same or where can i find the download for a netwook image?
guys, is there a way to upgrade from 10.10 to 11.10 ?
how do I go about finding why the root file system mounted read only on boot
Can I speak Chinese here
m using 11.04. How do I switch back to the view that could be seen in 10.04 and 10.10? I don't want the big menu-thing to the left
can any of you crazy mofos tell me how to connect to wireless without iwconfig (iproute2) ?
how do i do an ubuntu install without installing open office
there a way to access a terminal from a livecd?
hello is anyone available to help me?
There's someone from brazil?
ae pessoal
hello, I just installed the last ubuntu, and I would like to install a session manager to choose betewn gnome and unity, I installed gnome and gdm but there is no choice in login...how can I solve this ?
mongodb says it will listen to "all local ips" by default - does this mean only 127.0.0.1 or might this also mean 192.*.*.* ?
all.  Does this channel cover support for Ubuntu server?
大家好
is there any repository for ubuntu whith eclipse indigo in it?
 anyone knows when will Ubuntu update its repositories with the new Firefox 5...
i need some help...there is no sound on vlc youtube or amarok...and ive tried installing other video players and they dont work either...i uninstalled pulseaudio and nothing worked...i dont know what else to do...
anyone know the official chanel for OpenOffice?
following packages have unmet dependencies:  tor : Depends: libevent1 (>= 1.3e) but it is not installable E: Broken packages  <-------- what can I do about it?
anyone know why when you run "cp * /target/dir" in a directory with subdirectories returns 1 instead of 0?
How do i boot into command line?
there a channel 4 discussing computer parts?
hi every1, I m new here, some1 can help me ?
Good evening. I feel stupid, but how do I update my version of Ubuntu?
there some secret to keeping gnome-panels from getting fucked up every reboot?
does anyone know how to configure startup in a way that all NTFS partitions are mounted on system startup?
I got a game that keeps crashing from a segment fault. but i dont see a log file anywhere. is there a way to run the game so that i can find out whats wrong
can i text base boot in ubuntu?
My wifi does not work on my new ubuntu 11.04 install, any help?
how do I get the grub menu on ubuntu 10.10?
just installed 11.04, why does the grub bootloader splash say "sabily badr" instead of "ubuntu" or whatever?
Can someone help me with something real quick?
Where do i report bugs?

hey i am on 10.04 and installed mplayer, what path do i put the binary codecs in?
sa jacys normalni maniacy ktorzy mi doradza czy przeinstalowac system z xp na ubuntu 10.10?
 please can someone explain how-to install firefox5(five) in ubuntu 10.04 the official way?
what is the preferred method for installing jdk in ubuntu?
will 12.10 (or next version) still have classic desktop?  will 12.04 have classic desktop?
i can desable autojoin in xchat for my favorites rooms?
Could anybody recommend a book on ubutu linux that was written more recently than ubuntu kung fu
is there a channel dedicated to the terminal?
ve got 11.04 desktop on a desktop machine and I'm thinking of setting it up as the server for a vpn setup, do I need to reinstall with server edition or can I just add whatever packages I may need?
Can someone tell me how to reinstall grub from the 11.04 live CD?  My system decided it doesn't want to boot anymore via grub.  The grub rescue> prompt is also kind of unhelpful.
if I am running KDE instead of Gnome, because it works better on my laptop, does that mean I am limiting the applications I can use?
do brasil?
Hey dear buntu friends. looked to launchpad and the power regression seems not yet been fixed. how much more most I wait to upgrade to natty?
ubuntu 软件中心
I'm on a laptop. How can I do to reduce luminosity please??
hi, how can i install the apt package manager?
Hi, is it possible to record youtube audio on mp3?
upgrade to 11.04 but whats with the unity thing?   My workstation at work suddenly became a giant tablet with a keyboard and mouse.
in a .tar.gz which compression algr is used first? gzip then tar or the other way around?
Do I need to register my nickname if I can type now without registration?
is considered to be the best email client for ubuntu
Hi all. Running: /mnt/usb/boot/grub$ sudo grub-install --no-floppy --root-directory=/mnt/usb /dev/sdg Gives the following error:  The file /mnt/usb/boot/grub/stage1 not read correctly. Is this fatal? How can I fix it?
Would anyone know of a cross-platform keyboarding/mouse sharing application alternative to Synergy? Synergy is designed to use one computer to control many, when I want to allow many to control one.
.. need some help with starting an app during boot
Hi all, I need an alternate to Unity, what options do I have
Hi! does anyone use Mutt as an e-mail client?
you use susestudio to edit the ubuntu iso to add programs?
hi can any one help to upgrade my java   i have java 6.24 i want to upgrad to java 6.25
Hi all - Upgraded to Ubuntu 11.04, and banshee doesn play my media files
it possible to create a package from a only a system with the package installed? (like freebsd's pkg_create)
how do I create a windows network share in xubuntu (xfce4) (samba or whatever) url to howto would be appreciated
How do I check a FS UUID?
anyone tell me how to make a live-cd with just X11 and a few other packages installed?
Does anyone know the correct place ot report an OpenJDK bug?
I am having trouble installing 11.04 on my system, I created the CD from the image but I doesn't boot I have made sure its the first boot device already. I can do the install WITH windows but I dont want windows anymore, is there a seperate iso I can try?
 Is there a way to kill apps with "zombie"-status?
i want to talk with a person who knows about redhat linux
escott, Wow this unity launcher is half-baked.  Aside from drop to add being broken, and the icon thing being absent, and scaling the bar causes any custom ones to turn to question marks... now I've found that any java app launched via sh precludes the addition of a different one launched the same way, and even triggers backlighting on the wrong app.
to ssh share folder via places, connect to... - where is this connection linked in the file system?
alquien habla en español??
Hi guys. How do I change windowmanagers in Ubuntu 11.04? It comes installed with gnome + Unity, (nice) but I'd like to give Afterstep a try. Any tips?
haq,anyone can direct me to the right direction to resize a linux partition live? i have converted a MBR to GPT disk. I have looked at the gdisk options to no avail.
anyone know why CS1.6 keeps crashing /Ubuntu
help - I have a machine that usually runs win xp but it is set up for dual booot to 10.04 too; I can't access it, been too long ago, need to reset password.. how can I get to root prompt to reset my user id and root's?
 Got a webmin install that will not go in right.  I keep doing an apt-get purge on it, but normal install pops-up a screen for MySQL DB install, this does not and when I finish there is no DB in MySQL and though login screen comes up, will not let me login.  Anyone seen this before?
I installed ubuntu on a win7 laptop, and I specified the "recovery OEM" partition of 400 mb as "swap"... now I want to install win7 on another partition and I think it will make use of that OEM partition.. then do I need to turn swap off in ubuntu?
can i safely rename the "ubuntu" live session account to something else?
ubuntu 11.10, lightdm login... can login as guest, but not as user, acts like a soft restart then takes me back to login... any ideas? thanks
Just wondering if anyone knows of a quick fix to change the scrollbars in 11.04 back to 10.10?
I have a wireless router with one ethernet port, a tablet with no ethernet ports, and a desktop with no wireless card but two ethernet ports. I can plug the desktop in, and plug the router into the desktop, but I don't know how to give internet access to the router through the second ethernet port. from my searching it seems like it should be a single iptables command or something, but i can't figure it out and am having trouble se
 I want to list installed packages on command line... any way to do this with apt-cache?
what is default GUID for non sudo user and how do i apply that to an entire directory ?  or perhaps /home folder ?
Hi, I'm trying to control my parallel port; all the tutorials I can find include <asm/io.h>, but this just gives me "fatal error: asm/io.h: No such file or directory" does anyone know where it is or what to use instead?
it matter if I put Ubuntu on a CD or DVD?
Hi, I want to install debian, but I'm not sure it supports ecryptfs like ubuntu.Does it?
anyone here know anything about plan 9? or where channels For plan 9 are? thanks
queria usar mais o ubuntu
Help me with registering on IRC
does ubuntu need a boot partition?
there anyway to reinstall or reconfigure ubuntu .. (without using cd/usb or floppy)  -->> sudo dpkg-reconfigure -phigh -a                  would help?
o co tu chodzi?
Am I missing something obvious? once i've installed software in wine, how do I run it if I don't know the name of it?  Is there some add on to the launcher that lets you see your installed apps in a heirarchy?
 is there a way to install ubuntu with the alternate install without an active internet connection? The Live CD is having some problems booting on my laptop it seems.
hey, is there a way to safely test out the gnome 3 shell?  or is it going to mess up my whole system?
hola buenos dias
 can anyone help me with a quick SSD question?
Anyone? 11.04 + Gnome3?
hi folks can I cange language support from ubuntu after it was installed?
is the difference between ; and && at bash shell?
this might be a stupid question, but is there a way to make ubuntu look the way it used to?
I used to "zoom out" and see all of the desktops using 'super+e' but now it does not work, anyone tell me how to get that functinoality back please?
usar amule con los enlaces
where are the default icons stored in natty?
where can I find and save a list of all the PPA's added to my system (for reinstall/restoration purposes)? they're not in /etc/apt/sources.list
there a change in policy about chromium updates in natty? it is still on version 12!? before version 12 i had updates... but version 13 is out for over the month and still no updates
salut
anyone know some real good directions on how to remove unity + gnome 2 and install gnome 3 on ubuntu 11.04?
annyone can help me with a mouse problem?
where does ubuntu set the permissions for who is allowed to shutdown and/or reboot?
Jest tu ktoś?
haq,any websites i can grab a decent theme ?
hi there guys, I have found several bugs on ubuntu 11.04
how do i install an old version of a package?
to join backtrack
Hi, i need help with grub on 11.04, any takers?
hello where could i get some help for openoffice?
ubuntu 10 lucid have built in firewall?
这里有说chinese的吗？
hi, how to install newest vlc in ubuntu 8.04?
:) does anyone here know how to make a dvd from an mp4 file? i got part of the way through using tovid's gui, but i've got the error: no video format specified for VMGM, and I don't know what to do about it?
ola?
Ok, I can not uninstall a program. program is called briscad and im using lucid. tried apt-get remove and software center. nothing.
is my first time using Linux and I'm really impressed so far. Can someone point me to a clear guide on how to install Settlers 4? I've been trying for hours with wine, but it won't install correctly or run
how can I see the pidgin tray icon while using unity?
Hey everybody, could anyone help me install Dreamweaver on 10.04?
a tutti, qual' e' il canale di aiuto per ubuntu?
i need sun-java6, how can I install it
how can i join a splitted movie?
can recommend some g+ app for ubuntu?
Question: What file do I edit in order to change boot options? menu.lst does not exist for me.
how is unity performance,is it worth upgrading?
 which is the best editor program for php, html, css? thanks!
shomon: For Ati/NVidia/Matrox video cards, see https://help.ubuntu.com/community/VideoDriverHowto
como entrar em portugues brasil
know how to connect an ubuntu machine to a windows network
hello, what is the package called which i need to use java applications in firefox?
Hi, I'm trying to use rdesktop to log onto my mom's computer to fix it remotely...she's on Vista...but the ip address given by ipconfig is just the generic router ip.  how do I find her actual ip to connect?
someone help me out fresh load of 10.04lts but i cant seem to get the laptop to hibernate when i shut the lid ps im using xfce
Hi all. I've been trying to get a script I wrote to start up on boot. I can see there's tons of stuff on Google about how to do this, but I have had no luck so far. I've tried putting the link to my script in /etc/rc.0 and /etc/rc.local
I've got the source for realplay.  There's a Makefile.  How do I build it?
Password ring does not record
anyone know how to auto disable the touchpad while typing on a Samsung QX410?
hi...what is the price of latest Ubuntu version
C ninjas here?
hello, can someone tell me why gnome 3 does not load when installed in natty, it gives an error, and no other sessions work when gnome3 is installed either?
how i can execute this dialog which will ask me for root password and add a key icon to status bar on the top? (11.04)
 question: is there a more advisable way to copy an entire 80gb home directory than using nautilus? also, would it be faster if done from a livecd?
do programs i install outside of the software center update?
bonsoir
can I install php to use with my php+mysql?
kaie, FFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
What's the correct way to configure a daemon to start on boot under ubuntu? What's the procedure?
I want to install a version of a package that isn't in the repositories, how do I do it without blowing up my computer?
someone speaks portuguese?
Hello. Can someone help me?
 do i burn a bootable iso image to a external hard drive and not lose the data that is on the external hard drive?
oanyone running 11.10 beta 1
hi m using ubuntu 11.04 but not getting desktop effects in classic session ??
have wine 1.2.3 when i try to install a program it gives me a error
fuck unity
Ich hab erstmal ubuntu installiert, und anschließend Win7 (master boot record überschrieben). gibts eine methode um per console irgendwie ins ubuntu zu booten? angenommen ich weiß dass ubuntu auf hd0,1 liegt, wie kann ichs booten ohen grub zu installieren?
. is anybody here to help me with something?
g++ question .. I run "g++ ./helloworld.cc -o ./hello" and I get exec: 79  Permission Denied???  Any ideas?
hey there, whats the off-topic channel ?
can I force my computer to load the NVIDIA driver that is needed for UNITY?
Can somebody tell me a good place for support with ubuntu server ?
guys, i'm running ubuntu 11.04, installed fedora, restored ubuntu grub, then ran sudo update-grub, but it's doesn't show fedora. any ideas?
am having a problem trying to upload photos to a critique site, I have followed their instructions to the letter and the upload indicator runs and then it drops me out on their page but my photos are not there...  This has been going on for days and now they are asking me to try another browser, I am using firefox and have no problems with any other site  could someone tell me if there is a better browser than firefox for Ubuntu
Hello why is BitchX on the ubuntu unsecure? Can please, someone explain in details why? No PM. Thank you.
hey, how do i get the close, minimize and maximize buttons to be on the right of the window (kinda like on windows)... all of the themes show it on the right:(
похуй
je viens d'installer postgresql 9.1 sur natty e
кто где живет?
there any software to make autotune music?
i copied a bunch of files to the various folders under /home/username for my users, however i now find out they have been flagged as root only files, how can i change all the subfolders and files access restrictions to that user?
Can someone help me with install problems
can i install inssider in ubuntu ? any idea?
Anyone have anything to talk about?
What's the difference btw installing installing ssh and installing openssh-server ?
for a snmp viewer to use with adsl router? TIA :)
what is the best way to back up your ubuntu system to a drive?
Where do I find the driver for Broadcom M 94311 Wireless?
como estan?
Hello. Does anybody knows how to add a welcome text to may channel with xchat. Can`t find that option. Thanks.
how would i debug a hard lockup when resuming from standby?
m new to backtrack 5................where to find beginners manual or guide?
anyone can recommend a good tutorial for firewall configuration?
sorry, i'm new for this system.. can you help me to find the italian channel? (if it exist)
there a way to switch to a workspace but not using the arrows? it's to many clicks. i would like to use window+number or somthing similar
I'm running 10.10.  installed the unity package.  When I log in selecting the "ubuntu netbook edition" I just end up with a standard gnome desktop. Anyone know what I'm missing here?
using ubuntu can I deploy a 'kiosk machine' that only runs firefox and only to a certain web site? If yes, how?
 what is the shell way of determining comupter RAM size?
What is the process of downloading a package with its source and then compiling and installing the package? apt-get source --compile <package>? Where is the .deb file if this is the correct method?
having problems installing Ubuntu using Wubi on Windows XP, it keeps freezing up in the middle of the iso file download, even when I disabled the firewall and antivirus
i get help with scripting questions here? or is there a better room for that
hi all...any data recovery people here?
hi, I have an Intel Atom 330 CPU NVIDIA ION graphics. can someone tell me how to update to the lastest drivers in ubuntu?
do I change owner of file and content from root to a user?
which is d best Linux Distro...
under 60% signal strenght I can't surf the web, the ap connects but I can't even send a ping, any ideas why? I am using an alfa awus036h antena 5dbi
tous le monde
bonjour a tous et a tout
кто может помочь? не запускается браузер хром (11.04)
to upgrade xubuntu to run gnome3?
someone for a little help? :-)
when does 11.10 come out?
speak spanish?
这里有中国人吗
10,Anyone running 11.10 w/out issues?
know where the ayatana channel is?
Is there a way to gen a installed list into a text doc so I might be able to just use the terminal and install the packages to anther comp.
Is it really necessary to screw harddrive? I have a few extra hdd's and I just lay them sideway inside the tower/case.
i have no nm and bluetooth manager icon at default (the applet is working) how can i fix it (oneiric)?
how do i install flash player on xubuntu
is there a way to stop 11.04 from installing unity? I don't care much for the new interface
 how to do a custom ubuntu install without GUI?
i just installed ubuntu 11.04. how do you view the open windows?
hola a todos
textas
hello any1 have a time to guide firs time user of linux?
how can i log in to  NickServ?
there any apps for ubuntu that is like itunes? or can anyone suggest a tool for ubuntu that is for ipod?
is there a way to get the CPU monitor applet back in the top bar?
buongiorno a tutti
advanced ubuntu tutorial?
need a nautilus script for "root window here"
Hello, how to upgrade kubuntu 9.10 to kubuntu 11.04 at once?
 How can I install gnome 3.2 on my Natty 11.04?
qualcuno potrebbe aiutarmi con la configurazione di pidgin con gmail?
Anyone can help me to fix my resolution on bt5?
someone give me a command to find large files on my University home folder? I' reached my disk quota.
hey guys... a friend of mine has updated to the new 11.4 and nothing is working. You know any good side where i can read how to fix the problems?
i accidentally activated unity in ubuntu classic, after deactivating it, i cannot launch metacity, hints & tips?
Webcam Software
Why am I asked for my password a lot to authenticate for certain actions like installing something from the software center?
Hi! Does anyone know about the configuration file for init process in Ubuntu or Debian systems? Is it inittab like all the systems? Cause I don't see it in the /etc directory. Any idea?
securetty文件里的Embedded Freescale i.MX ports是什么啊，可以注释掉吗
i am trying to compile something which needs libevent, locate libevent shows results but i still get, gevent/libevent.h:9: fatal error: event.h: No such file or directory
hi all ... plz someone help me how to setup a pptp conexion (vpn) on backtrack 4 !
to upgrade to natty from the cl?
hi. need helt mount external usb hdd
где тут помощ руским?
habla español?
Can i dd a ubuntu iso to a memory stick to load ubuntu from usb?
Hi does anyone know where the best place to go for a question specific to installs on a netbook / atom chipset?
 i use firefox 3.6.18 and ubuntu 10.04 when opening several webistes with many pictures or flash stuff firefox get's incredible slow and unresponsive (even for closing tabs again) in the same time only 25% of my RAM and 60% of my CPU are consumed. my system reacts normally, but just firefox seems to stand on it's onw feet. anyone knows that problem and/or the reason or better a fix
Hi, when writing scripts for the Notify-OSD, I can't use notify-send since there is none installed on my system for some reason. However, Ubuntu tells me I have notify-osd. I even tried uninstalling notify-osd and reinstalling it. How do I get notify-send, shouldn't it be part of the notify-osd package?
Hi guys, I'm pretty new to linux, anyway I've read that ubuntu-desktop in 11.04 is Unity, how can I install purely gnome-desktop?
you speak Polish?
how do I do the nomodeset?
how can I "Show Desktop" in Unity? (super + D doesn't work anymore)
do I upgrade from Maverick to Natty using the CD?
Hi all - got a problem with 11.04 on a MacBook, is this a good place to ask for support?
alguem tc com nós?
someone know how to find/enter the nautilus channel? I have some ideas like mindcontrol and stuff like that ;-)
is there an ubuntu bug fixer in here?
Hi all - installed ubuntu as my first linux experience about a month ago and have really enjoyed it - so much that I'd like to get rid of my windows xp dual boot situation.. does anyone have time to answer a couple questions about it though?
am trying to install ttf-mscorefonts-installer. After accepting the EULA it presents me with a screen where I have to select a proxy server. The problem is that I can not enter any text.
use une lesse? c'est toi que je vais mettre en lesse.
how to join perl in irc??
can you run DOS programs in a terminal?
alguien podría resolverme un par de dudas, por favor?
whats a cool obscure word for admin?
 can anobody explain to me what a "greeter" is?  (like greeter session or greeter theme)
Is there some sort of firewall on by defualt in Ubuntu?  I could ssh in just fine when I set it up, now I've flown away and can't ssh in from anywhere else.  It's directly connected to a cable modem.
how do i make the window close button etc go to the right side of the window instead of the left?
've got a problem
alguem fala portugues aqui?
WHY ETH0 isnt working?? when i boot in fedora it work, when i boot with ubuntu 10.10 works, with suse works, but with 11.04 doesnt work!!!! WHY!!
questa è la sezione italiana?
when i boot from the 11.04 livecd and refresh synaptic package manager, the synaptic window disappears. dmesg says something about "Out of memory: Kill process" blah blah blah. is this normal?
Hi - I installed Ubuntu 11.04  on machine with nVidia MCP79 ethernet.   eth0 shows up on ifconfig.    But does not get IP address.  I also have wireless card on the same machine which gets ip address just fine.  Would appreciate some help.
see odd behavior in my machine each month !1
how do I override DNS lookup on my machine? I want to make xyz.com resolved to an IP address of my choosing
hola
 i cant seem to copy a folder into A game iit says permission deined any ideas
bDo any of you use 10.04 or 10.10 and why?
hhow do i access ubuntu guest user account?
 I hope someone can point me in the right direction for this. I'm working on a kernel module. Most of it works as expected, but one thing is missing: I need to access the parallel port, and I'd have preferred to go via ppdev, using regular stdio.h access to open it as a file named "/dev/parport0" rather than writing directly to 0x378 plus. Is there an example somewhere showing how to access a file via a kernel module?
I am new to ubuntu, any recommdation for the newbie
 Hi all, I've installed LXDE and I can't see any graphical ways to mount a removable drive (no icons show up on the desktop). Is this normal or am I supposed to run/install some program for auto-mounting?
anyone knows how to install gnome-shell on ubuntu 11.10?
Guys, I have problem downloading big torrents. My system begins to get so slow, that I can't work in it. Top doesn't show anything wrong, and i belive it's not a memory leak. I think the problem is with the HDD, but hjow do I get sure? Are there any diagnostic tools for HDDs?
Hello there. I installed Ubuntu from Windows, using Wubi. It seems there is one partition both for Windows and Wubi. Is it right?!
?e, mal ne frage ich such schon seit ner ganzen weile ein ordentliches how to f?r ubuntu 10.04 postfix/dovecot
hey guys i install ubuntu on my laptop and sound doesnt work wat should i do?
How do i compile?
to install exe files on ubuntu ??
Давай по русски!
when using ubuntu classic(gnome with compiz effects). Title bar,window borders are not displaying. but when i run compiz in other environment(like ubuntu classic(no effects)) it works fine. what is the problem?
someone help me copy my ubuntu installation on a partition on my hard drive to my USB flash drive?
Is it no problem to continue using your computer while it is upgrading to the new release (natty)? Or do you run the risk the upgrade will become faulty?
hi, i am trying to run unity but i when i do my window manager crashes and it says: Error: Couldn't load plugin 'ccp'.  what do i do?
kernel.3.0 is better than 2.6.39?
Is there a kde quivalent for Places->Connect To Server?
im new in this OS... can some one help me to get use to it ?
 I am trying to setup rsync to mirror a server. I am following this tutorial http://www.howtoforge.com/mirroring_with_rsync_p2 and I get to the end and it is still asking me for a password. Obviously I did something wrong with setting up the keys but I am not sure how to trouble shoot
Hallo people, there is a problem on my xubuntu-system. is somebody able to help me?
Hello, I am looking for any documention for Ubuntu server MPIO. Can anyone point me in the right direction or give me any useful information?
folks, got a problem with my laptop's NIC. After upgrade to lucid lynx, NIC Marvel Yukon 88E8036 does not get recognized.
guys new to ubuntu, i installed ubuntu 11.10, how do i disable compiz
in 11.04 with gnome classic i sometimes lose the window bar (with minimize, maximize) how to get it back?
have installed Ubuntu 10.10 and then now I installed windows 7; Now when I boot the machince, windows 7 booting automatically. How to solve this? Now I'm running on Ubuntu live CD
I have external usb hard drives and am trying to format them after a failed attempt at software raid 1.... now gparted is complaining that the device /dev/sde1 is in use and I can't format it
i installed python 2.7 from source, is there some way i can force a reinstall from the ubuntu repos?
 today i bought a new laptop with an i5 2520m prozessor. its an dualcore prozessor with hyperthreading. it can handle 4 threads simultainly. i wanted to ask if i can install ubuntu 64bit on it
if ive just done uname -m and it shows i686, does that tell me if its 32 or 64 bit? or neither?
How do I get a list of channels?
have seen a lot of network traffic across my wifi interface in the last week and think my 10.10 install might have been infected/compromised. Is there a way to check this?
Jest ktoś z Polski?
hello, how can I recover files from an ext4 formatted harddisk?
pobbible to modify a ubuntu image?
Well, I'm happy with ubuntu 9.04. Is there a way to keep it workin and updated? I don't want to upgrade to a new distro.
I need help with the GNOMER Power Manager.  Could anyone help?
it possible to remove unity alltogether, and switch to gnome only?
is there an uber noob guide for ubuntu
Hi, just installed 11.04 and I am getting no sound at all
there a way to install ubuntu without removing ALL partitions? :O because i have a ntfs partition where a keep all my stuff that i want to save
looking for help with how to find channels, connect and commands
When attempting to install Ubuntu on a machine w/ a fakeraid RAID1 array, Ubuntu doesn't detect any hard drives. How can I get around this?
have a problem with Oneiric after installation.  It hangs on "Checking for running unattended-upgrades:" while booting up.
i would like to add some color to the boot text in lucid, to make it look like the debian bootup screen. how do i do that?
any instructions on how to install Oracle JDK in Natty?
have a question
hi guys. i have a question, im switching to gentoo, and im interested to know what program the icon applet network manager is... whats the name of the program?
canale italiano? how search it?
m having some problems with empathy, can somebody help me out, please?
So anyone seen any Rapturing yet?
how do i revert back to unity after installing gnome3?
did ubuntu stop having seperate desktop and server distros?
Здравствуйте, уважаемые! Я прошу помощи в двух вопросах, касаемых убунты - сможет кто-нибудь помочь?
I've been using the Classic mode on Ubuntu 11 and my menus at the top have all disappeared and everything is lagging (typing, window opening, etc)...how can I fix it?
all. I have a linux server, ubuntu installed, and I forgot the password for my only account in the system. root password is not set, and when selecting recovery mode in grub, and going to root shell, it asks me for the root password - which is not set afaik. Is this something new? Before I was greeted by the root shell, no questions asked. Can I bypass this step to change my password(s)?
Hi can someone please help me?
Can someone help me with IPTables please and setting up for some protection against DDoS
have a problem. I'm using google docs, I create a document, and the moment I hit the middle button to paste a link, it goes to that link. any ideas?
why we can off plymouth on ubuntu 11.04 plz at startup for watch terminal
is there anyone in here that can read chinese that would be willing to help me translate a label?  Not ubuntu related, I'm working on a chinese scooter and can't understand the label on an electronic part.
anyone else had any sound issues on msi computer/
I tried changing my hostname in 11.04 and now gdm doesn't start anymore
hi, where can I see source code of unity?
.  how does i compile explorer.exe from source?
anyone else have a 2 sec delay between audiofiles when played with mplayer?
hey guys, how do I install 11.04 using software raid?
who has knowledge about wireless cards and network who can please help me out?
hi, I have installed wine on ubuntu, if I open a text file with double click it is opened with notepad instead of gedit :( how to turn that off?
hey, I have an partition on a drive that fills the drive entirely, but I cant seem to mount it under any type of FS(ie: ext2 ext3 reiserfs xfs ext4) Is there any tool for identifying what might be on that partition?
is the settings to keep all my session windows for the next time I login?
Hey everyone, I was wondering if anyone knew where there was a good document outlining how to modify a Ubuntu Install Image and add drivers that I need.
Seven months ago I dual booted a "friends" laptop with Xubuntu 10.04 over Windows XP Tablet PC Edition. Yesterday, she had an issue with something, and deleted Xubuntu. Now she has a pet rock, and wants me to fix it. I'm at a grub rescue prompt, suggestions?
 After installing xubuntu-desktop my gnome appearance has gone back to the '90s... I didn't think appearance and theme setting on xfce would even carry on to gnome, has something gone wrong or was I mistaken? How do I fix this?
Sorry for offtop =) I have a question about virtualbox and com ports. There is a lineedit labeled "path" inside vbox com-ports options. Does it mean that i can work from guest os with device, that i have chosen there, as connected to com-port? I mean, can i emulate usb-connected mouse(for example) as com-connected?
any idea how i can get my printer printing?
it possible to resize the unity panel or move it in Ubuntu 11.04?
where can i find chinese group?
I'm trying to get the source code of a software that is available on ubuntu repos on a non-ubuntu/debian machine. Could someone please point me to a link that I can use to download?
have a lot of mp3's that are all at low volumes...is there any program that I can use to increase the volume of each one all at the same time?
Hi I installed Ubuntu with the Gnome DE, and I accidentally removed the panel at the top right that had a volume control button and an email checking button. Do any of you know how to restore that panel?? thanks
salve a tutti. come si fa a ripristinare la barra chiudi,ripristina,iconizza. infatti mi è scomparsa la barra e per chiuder devo digitare alt+F4
i can see channellist?
 when ubuntu server boot it gives some choices to boot: recovery mode etc. How can i disable these choices and make it just boot the ubuntu server?   (i noticed that it does not have the countdown and booting unbuntu normally when i make the boot partition read only).
warum wird meine Platte als  vfat  eingebunden  wenn überhaupt keine FAT-partitionen  vorhanden sind?  http://eiximenis.wikimedia.org/H8wsk8Zmhc
just updated to a new kern and i was looking in the /boot/grub/ for menu.lst and its not there O.O
is there a channel for ubuntu developers?
No one here knows how to add another icon set to LibreOffice?
somebody give me a hand.... my system isn't booting properly after installing gnome3
I have a question not exactly related to ubuntu, but maybe someone will help. Yesterday I downloaded file from internet and after that, I opened wireshark. There were packets sent between  my computer and a server in China... I'm in Europe right now. The protocol was just ICMP, but should I be worried? I have no idea if downloading the file is related (today, I ran it again and wireshark didn't detect anything).
Will the command "git clone git://kernel.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ubuntu-natty.git source" download the source to the kernel used in 11.04 ?  Is the same source used for 32bit and 64bit?  If so, how does one toggle which is built?
there a simple way to get ubuntu distro codename in commandline ?
ubuntu 11.04 gets stcuk on splash screen when installing. anyone have a solution to this?
Hello all, I have recently upgraded my installation of webmin from 1.550 to 1.560 on a few of my servers. Now, all of a sudden I no linger need to enter my apssword when I run commands with sudo. any ideas as to why this might be? I have compared /etc/sudoers between an affected and unaffected Ubuntu machine, and they both look the same.
do i install LAMP?
C'est nul ici !
what does Stopping System V Runlevel compadtibility mean ?
, when i shutdown ubuntu i see alot of errors but i don't have time to read is there a way to read them ?? and read any error on my machine ????
ita??????
Can you help me ?
10.04, when I closed Rhythmbox it would minimize to the Notification Area (like Pidgin).  In 11.04 (Ubuntu classic, not Unity) when I close Rhythmbox it does not go to the Notification Area.  It keeps playing, but I cannot maximize it.
Hi guys, I was wondering if I could install ubuntu 11.04 32 bit on my 64 bit computer
hi guys. i'm currently trying to install ubuntu from a burned cd, and i got it to boot up, but it's been on the ubuntu loading screen with the dots for close to half an hour now. it's not frozen, but is this normal? i've got no problem being patient but i just want to make sure nothing's wrong, or what to do.
folks, tried to update my ubuntu 10.10 today, it found some updates and a new kernel. but it was not possible to install the new kernel (grey..)
Java is a tricky thing.. I'm trying to get it working right. In firefox, it freezes when it tries to use it. I thought it was because of Open JDK, so I uninstalled that and manually installed the newest version, but nothing has changed
in 10.10, how do I add something to the Addplication/Graphics Menu ?
i upgrade my ubunut
Hello, guys. I have an HP pavillion dv6000 and my wireless doesn't work. does anyone have any ideas?
Does canonical host a repository for ancient ubuntu releases somewhere?  I have some ancient hosts running jaunty, which need to be upgraded to lucid via karmic
guys. i'm having a BIG issue with gettin the most recent drivers for my video to install. I have the new driver install.. but it wont run due to X running. any help
how do i remove ubuntu from a dual boot with win7 and regain the HD space for my main partition?
jest jakiś polak??
everyone, I am trying to solve pretty random freezes of my old thinkpad.. last line in log .. /var/log/kernel.log "ipw2100: Fatal interrupt. Scheduling firmware restart."
ubuntu-ru
How do I connect to a wireless printer with Ubuntu? It works for the Windows computer, but I cannot figure out how to connect with this one.
heisst das tool, mit dem man Graphen von z.B. Tempoeraturverläufen zeichnen lassen kann? (ich habe ein Webfrontend in Errinerung)
I'm building a package and I have a special need to append a build number to the version number given in debian/changelog. I remember I saw somewhere that is is possible, but I can't find it. Anyone with knowledge of this?
would you suggest I leave Ubuntu on or shut it off each night before i go to bed?
just upgraded to natty, anyone know how I can ditch this whole new launcher etc and get my old panels / virtual desktops etc back?
Would you please help me out with an issue that is driving me mad?
hi, I am trying to install 11.04 live (amd64), but it doesnt seem to come with LVM. So I setup LVM myself, however, how do i start the old text-based installer from console?
was hoping to get some basic help on setting sshfs
hi I want a file manager for TWM windows manager sth very light with no relationship with gnome or other windows manager
有没有人？
hier auch deutsche?
Hey guys, is there any where I can learn how to read the iptable -L output?  I haven't had success on google
when a script is run by inid.d at startup does the process executes as a root user?
 any recommendations for disk cloner? i've just tried cloneziller but it tells me the target partition is smaller than the source (i set them both as 50GB)
Anyone know how to change a computer's name after installation?
is there a way to recover lost data from hard drive or erased data from a external hard drive
 I am having a problem with running sudo apt-get dist-upgrade, it is saying that there isn't any upgrades, but I am running 10.10?
i got a shitload of errors
here i shoud type for register?
running gnome 3 help
any one know ltsp server and thin clients
ubuntu 11.4 with gnome3, is it a good thing to try?
have a problem one big hella of a problem. Ubuntu will boot only after three or two reboots before which grub shows error: file not found.
hey folks, does anyone know where to download an x86-64 version for Dell laptops (core i5)
what is wrong with this command? sudo ./configure --with-kernel=/usr/src/linux-headers-$(uname -r) --with-cards=hda-codec-realtek --with-oss=yes
do I upgrade a package of the same but from a different repo? I want to install python 2.7.2 but I already 2.7.1 installed https://launchpad.net/~n-muench/+archive/calibre-lucid please help I beg you
when creating a USB stick with dd to install OS does the USB drive needs to be formatted, or does it matter it's got another OS ISO on it?
how do i use gnome classic, at login?
please anybody help me out? colleague of mine made a typo during installation   regarding  hostname
I installed the live cd on a usb stick and I actually want to do some development on it.  I'm trying to install rails 3.0, but only rails 2.5 is available through the ubuntu software center.  Why is it that the ubuntu software center has older packages in my livecd usb stick?
are the number of ssh connections to an ubuntu server limited to 2 ip addresses?
can i have my own  ubuntu distro
hi, what's the most efficient way to find the number of lines in a huge text file?
I will be getting a new netbook tomorrow and plan on dual booting ubuntu with windows 7. I've used fedora for over a year now but want to give ubuntu a shot now. Which should I install first in order to effectively have the ability to dual boot?
anyone tell me where the xorg log files are kept?
iam using ubuntu 11.04 natty, how can i get skype? i tried the internet but they have skype for 10.04 and 32 bit
Every time I try to log in to my system, I get a "cannot update /home/user/.ICEauthority" followed by "/usr/lib/libgcconf2-4/gconf-sanity-check-2 exited with status 256". I already tried to chown and chmod 0644 on .ICEauthority to no avail. Anyone know anything else?
When will 11.10 get RTM?
can anyone please tell me how to install Gnome3. I'm new on Linux.
hey guys how I can make startup script that loads another scripts but I have some dependencies (f.e. mysql should be started before the other scripts), in the bash channel they told me that I have to check rc2.d for the startup sequence, can anyone tell me more specific or give me some tutorial I can read from thank you
all. so i switched from karma to natty, and i really do not like how the scrollbars look in gnome. (where you have to hover over it in order to get the scrollbar put underneath your cursor). i thought i could change that in appearance somewhere, but i can't find it. any ideas?
how can I change the "close,minimise,restore" buttons to show up on the right ?
hey I'm having some trouble with inkscape...I just installed a new font and it said font not found on system
spanish here?
ok, so I'm lost lol.  The link yeats gave was great but I was kidding myself that I'd be able to compile this myself, I really don't know how to use make.  I downloaded the source and now have a directory and 3 files, what do I need to do to build the thing?
does anyone know how you get rid of the info that comes up when you open gnu screen on ubuntu, in gentoo it just launches with info copyright info or pressing enter?
now I'm fucking irritated..
is there a social channel on ubunut
How can I install the kde desktop alongside gnome?
do I know what the root password is for my MySQL system?
hey guys...if I cancel my subscription to Ubuntu One, will it just drop the 20GB package I bought (currently using 450mb...so I'm in my free quota), or will it drop everything?
itali???????????
anyone know channel for embeded linux
1,where is the oniric chan?
大家好啊
 long shot, Best OS for python development?
I have a server with ubuntu 9.04, I try todo apt-get update; and I get 404 on just about everything.. Why is this?
how can I reload .inputrc?
track 4 r1 will not create the swap space when the partitioner starts to create the partition/back|track is on a linux kernel
Hello , simple question. I enter the line “wget -q "http://deb.playonlinux.com/public.gpg" -O - | sudo apt-key add -” into terminal. What does the “-” char in this line do? I know the first “-” dumps the content of the file “ public.gpg” into the std out but why?
what is the terminal command to search for packages. like xchat?
 I'm trying to install ubuntu, restart my computer ubuntu 11.4 loading status appears, then i get a flash of a gui background and than nothing a blank screen? suggestions?
hi, in ubuntu 11.04, how to automatically load into "ubuntu classic"
hello? um i kind of need some help here,  I don't know what I am doing .
usershare' returned error 255: cannot open usershare directory /var/lib/samba/usershares. Error: no such file or directory found - Why am I receiving this? What is samba ?
hi, how do i go back to the desktop from ubuntu 10? (im on 11)
hey all ... ubuntu 11.04 natty does not have any updates to apache from 2.2.17 - i need 2.2.18 to get past CVE-2011-0419 CVE-2011-1928 ?? any suggestions?
i change the "dock" so that it appears at the bottom of the screen like in mac os?
tem alguém ai que fala portugues?
how i can register ?
is pastebin?
Ok I have a difficult problem. I need to install apache offline. How in the world can I download all the dependencies for it easily?
有源文件包也可以
 I had a question and was wondering if someone could help
hi - is there any way to find out which package contains a library? (zlib in this case)
ciao potete aiutarmi
ma in italiano non parla nessuno
10,is this the place for ubuntu 11.10 beta?
hey all I just got a new motherboard ASUS F1A75-V Pro it has 6 SATA ports 1-4 are SATA and 5 & 6 are PATA but when i boot if I have 6 drives attached by default it wants to boot from 5 the PATA drive can some explain why it doesnt just boot from 1 the first in the 6?
having network problems w speed and now with ndiswrapper can any one help me?
how to do the dist-upgrade from commandline?
how i can change to classic?
f u c k
package does System>Administration>Hardware/Additional Drivers belong to <.<
Ok, another tact....is there an irc channel for gmameui?
Hi, what is the best software for mounting iso and disk images?
there an official way to install gnome3?
I've been trying to install Virtualbox, but every method I've found doesn't work.
how do you use pastebin :-) Sorry full of the simple ones tonight
I installed webmin via a deb package, its in /etc/services, its taking up port 10000, it doesn't work, and i want to uninstall it, but dpkg --remove, apt-get remove, or anything else doesn't work.  there is no /etc/webmin/uninstall.sh and webmin doesn't even appear to be running in ps -A.  wtf?
Should I use Openbox or then IceWM on Ubuntu?
is there already an pdf manual for ubuntu 11.04 ? like the one for LTS
show desktop icon (bottom left corner) disappeared, hoe to show it again?
is ubuntu 10.04 LTS or rhel 6.1 better for a laptop ?
alguien controla de id3v2??
m having some xfce problems from nowhere. applications menu can be loaded, clock and other options are missing, most icons gone, how can I fix this? xfce version 4 (stable packages) on Gentoo.
can the colour of the GRUB bootloader be changed?
alguien que able español?
X-rated movies sex robots child pornography
trying to start any flame wars. But is there any reason I should NOT install 64 bit ubuntu if my CPU is 64 bit?
could someone please help me identify why my system is running so sluggish, running mint 11, thanks.
now i have got UNITY but how can i come back to gnom!
do I type command to know my operating system name & version number?
So unity is a shell for gnome, so what is the underlying/default WM in 11.04?
how can i find if my ubuntu is 32 bit or 64 bit
gues whats the off-topic chanel ?
Does anyone know what the feature difference is between ubottu's encyclopedia plugin and the supybot factoids plugin?
anyone want to make a gnome2 fork with me?
I uinstall a list of packages all at once? I have a txt file with a list of packages, 1 per line
EOL - doesnt that just mean no more updates - does it also go away???
is ubuntu 11.04 64bit only for amd?
can i find out where the files of a .deb package were installed?
Choochi dikhao
hi. is it possible to use a newer kdenlive package in ubuntu 10.04 lets without upgrading the whole system?
I just booted an old eepc701, I have no menu  bars, how can I get a terminal?
 whats the best image editor in the synaptic package manager?
please, chanel from brasil ?
should i have the /swap before or after another partion for another os?
ru,привет
is there a channel like this for windows on any servers?
I've tried multiple methods but still can't get 11.04 to connect to the wifi. Asus eeePC, any help?
do I make ubuntu boot to console only, no gui
how should i upgrade to the latest ubuntu?
Hello ya'll. I created an iso file with devede and now I need to add a folder with a bunch of pictures to the iso file but I dont know how to or which software to use. Also ... what is SASL?? TIA!
wszystkich
chi può darmi una mano su amule
how to update grub on ubuntu 10.04
help my sound does not work, iam using xubuntu 11.04 i tried the forums ans some other sound related fix sites
quick question, this is my first time using xubuntu and was wondering how to install java
Hello , I have HP Notebook Pavilion dv6 , i7 , 4GB ram ... Ubuntu , Linux Mint stuck when shutting down or Restarting ! HOW to FIX THIS , i CAN't WORK ON WINDOWS !!!
 I've installed Ubuntu 11.04 as guest machine on Virtual Box, and I want to run it in console mode only ( no GUI) cause I'll use it as testing server, how can I do this ?
i cant get my wireless card to work with zubuntu
just looking for someone to talk. anyone? im pretty bored
installed a package with checkinstall but I assigned it a lower version number the package provided in the repos and so the update manager nags me all the time. How can I change the version number of a package "after the fact" ?
anyone know of a way to disable BT at every boot.  Want the default to be "off" instead of "on"
I installed ubuntu on my macbook pro but I cant get the audio to work. Any thoughts?
the gnome calculator in sci mode and checked hex, but when i type in 45 i get 45, not 2D am i missing somithing?
is there any other software to unzip instead archieve manager???
at one time there was a command that i ran that split one large file into three - six smaller ones. any of you fine folks remember the command?
 anyone seeing a significant outage across the US - like services originating in california being out?  is there some sort of massive californian power outage going on?
Hello everybody. I have problem with my ubuntu. Unfortunately i tried to install win xp on my computer that have ubuntu already. After Xp loaded files it refused to install so i just restarted computer and got bad message "error loading operation system". Is there any chance to fix this so i can use my ubuntu again ? thanks in advance for help.
hola hay alquien que hable espanol
anyone know the shortcut for pasting on the console? I've found a bunch on google but none of them seem to work.
any articles on how to keep Gnome in 11.04?  I'm not a big fan of unity
whats the general rule of thumb for swap space? if im assigning say 15GB, how much swap space should I assign?
ubuntu install on NTFS?
anyone running 11.04?
hi folks... is there a way to auto sign me into chat accounts on 11.04;  i have to do it manually on every restart
anyone know the repo for backtrack?
question: is installing ubuntu supposed to cause the computer to go black right after it says "resizing partition"?
Hello, How do I login as root?
ubuntu this is the best thing you've given me since the clap
where can I get a permanent IRC nick name?
Just to let everyone know if you all don't already; Steve Jobs has passed away. I know this is for Ubuntu but part of the design was inspired from the Apple interface
sound,Does someone have experience with solving of soundproblems?
game development channel?
how do i install flash in chrome for 10.10 x64
anyone know of a good place to download a live cd for CentOs
Hi, I'm setting up 'Internet DJ Console' and it requires Jack for sound, I have tried configuring jack using QjackCtl but I am unsure how to configure the microphone. I have 1 sound card and 1 onboard sound system, with the soundcard being the default. Any suggestions on how I could configure jack?
can i install gnome3 seperate of Gnome2(default)
have a question for someone
how to register? I am not able to follow commands from ubuntucommounity/IRC/registeration........
anyone know how to downgrade linux headers?
package do I need to run a jar file on natty? I thought that libreoffice already require jre
How do you count the number of lines a command outputs?
hello.I am running ubuntu10.10 32bit desktop edit on intel dual core2 duo  machine. i need help in upgrading to 11.04 using live cd.
 всем:) Кто от куда?
adoes wine work with doom 2?
asomeone here expierince with bind9?
?
我的chromium中文字体大小不一，高低不齐，该怎么解决？?
how can i check the 3d performance?
русские?
can someone help me please :(
hola, hay alguien que hable español aquí?
have a question regarding Unity
hi, im trying to change the device that grub is installed on. cant find anything online. does anyone know how to do this?
hi, im getting into opensource software programminmg with C... Do you people know any good tutorials of autotools, writing makefiles etc? Thanks in advance
do you create a symlink that contains the contents of a directory? ie i am trying to sym link /home/<user>/MusIc to /mnt/music . and when i creat the link , i then clinck on /home/<user >/Music. and i have a folder that is "music" i want it to list all the contents of that dir with out the toplevem music folder name
On a server with ubuntu 9.04 Im trying to apt-get install but I keep getting 404 errors.. Is 9.04 still supported? if not, where might I find alternative repositories to install? This is a VPS, I cant upgrade the OS (9.10 is not supported correctly)
is it posible to install ubuntu in a none  grapahicmode?
I have 32-bit natty installed on my system by mistake, can I simply install the linux-image-amd64 in synaptic?
anyone here use ubuntu on vmware ws8?
Hi there. I got a VIA C3 machine at home on which Ubuntu refuses to install correctly - neither live-cd nor alternate installer work properly. I found an old harddrive with 9.04 on it, and it booted perfectly though! Now I'm thinking about upgrading the 9.04 to 10.04 LTS, to regain update support. Is that possible? I read some people had problems doing that?
need a music player which can classfy music by their arts album and can read cue
how do i upgrade from clamtk 4.30 to clamtk 4.32 ?
whats a good webcam that gets atleast 60 frames per second at 1080p that works with ubuntu of course
have a question on configuring xchat. Is it possible to stop receiving notifications when a specific user has joined and quits a room? I want to know about other users, just not a specific one
me toohow to join backtrack
I have a quest can I ask?
como mudar para o portugues?
come si usa il monitor rete in xubuntu????
 I have a Macbook and whenever i play some audio, one red LED is glowing in  my headphone port. I am also getting a very poor quality of audio. Could someone help me pls???
alguien ahi?
hi..Which will be the default ubuntu enviornments in further releases ?
Hello chaps. I've got a box that I'm planning on sticking ubuntu server on. I don't have an external screen of any kind and don't have access to one. What would be the best way of getting it up and running? :)
openoffice renamed to libreoffice?  Or is libreoffice some kind of fork?
i ask a Question, does paste.ubuntu.com got a Public API ???  (like pastebin)
If I install Ubuntu 10.04 and choose to install updates, will any of those updates include a kernel update?
there any way to see if a SSD is fucked up?
Hi. Is there any way to move the close/minimize/maximize buttons in the unity top panel to the right?
how do I open /etc/fstab in gedit with root privileges? sudo gedit /etc/fstab fails?
guys limited experience here, trying to set up ubuntu server for experimental reasons but am having trouble setting up lo with dhcp was wondering if anyone would mind helping
Hi! I have some questions relating to windows server and ubuntu, can someone help me?
Is there a way to check what version of noveau drivers i'm running?
hi, is there some possibility to remove unity from 11.10? or move it from left side to bottom?
guys, are you ever so depressed you think of suicide?
hey does ubuntu have gparted?
ve installed the Sun JDK and would like to use it as default, but everything still seems to use OpenJDK. How do I switch?
anyone here experience with rdiff-backup?
I read somewhere that redhat is more frequently used for webhosting than e.g. debian. Why is that?
added 2-3 ppa's to software sources while getting some extrs icon themes---is it ok to remove these ppa's now?
hi folks, i have an issue with samba/webmin running on an ubuntu server, anyone out there be able to help me out a bit?
I, how do i use APT to install JRE6?
is the driver that supports the mouse?
qual o canal em portugues do ubuntu hein??
anyone willing to help with a BCM4312 802.11b/g LP-PHY not working right?
, estoy en Xchat , como puedo entrar a irc-hispano ?
I need to force 16 bit color to run an ancient computer game under wine. Besides editing an xorg.conf file, is there any way to do this?  If there is no other way, can someone help me with my xorg.conf (I generated a custom one already, but when I edited it to 16 bit color X wouldn't start).
ambiance is not working with natty on virtualbox, any suggestions?
I wanted to test oneiric but got burn after applying an update. Oneiric reaches checking batteries but would not boot. any ideas
que onda
Anyone familiar with SGH-T939
am new using ubuntu can someone help me install the ati driver in my computer
how do you upgrade the transmission bit torrent client on 11.04?
Would anybody know where I could get wine1.3.25 as a .deb?
 alguien puede decirme el nombre de alguna distribución de Ubuntu que utilice el Kernel 2.4??
can you help me to change the password of my computer
where should I ask Xubuntu related question?
here for help me :)
Where can I find in-depth tutorials about shell scripting?
is their any servers for backtrack?
 i want ubuntu to stop asking me for the keyring. every time I login even I set the login without password it asks me for the default keyring password. also even if i set in the details to not ask me about it again next time I start my computer it asks me for it!!!
anyone tried running sensors-applet for gnome?
I know this is #ubuntu, though, choose: Ubuntu or Debian, and be honest.
вс ем
installing newest ubuntu, its asking if I want to install "enable realtime process priority"  clicking on help says something about "jackd"  don't know what that is
usb-creator-gtk is very picky.. I can't get it to work for many .iso's
favorite firewall installations out there?
Where can i found a french server please ?
Did someone make a change to APT recently without passing it through quality control review or something? My mother did what she says was a "partial upgrade" a couple of days ago and found her Digikam missing (She's using Lubuntu with KDE bits) and now, when I try to re-install it, it refuses because things like kdebase-runtime aren't going to be installed rather than just pulling them in like it should.
do you get root privileges in a terminal?
Hello, i need the channel for ubuntu germany
hello, can someone provide me with the name or location of a web cam app for 10.10
anyone help me with this? Fetched 522 kB in 3min 22s (2,583 B/s) W: Failed to fetch gzip:/var/lib/apt/lists/partial/id.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_natty_main_binary-i386_Packages  Hash Sum mismatch  W: Failed to fetch gzip:/var/lib/apt/lists/partial/id.archive.ubuntu.com_ubuntu_dists_natty_universe_binary-i386_Packages  Hash Sum mismatch  E: Some index files failed to download. They have been ignored, or old ones used instead
alguien de españa?
does ubuntu by default have no firewall?
haq,how was it that you would make dpkg reveal the path it installs each of the files in a deb ?
BOA TARDE AMIGOS..
ciao ragazzi sono nuovo
using Eee PC here
Brazil, whats channel?
ipad2 32G，多少钱？
fellows > I have some troubles mounting partitions when using nx remote on Ubuntu system .....can anyone help pls ???
running ubuntu 11.04 here, wondering how to make a bootable usb drive with 11.04 so I can tinker with grub .. anyone have any links?
hey! If i declare a variable in a shell script (say n=1;) will that stay declared after the script ends, and if so, how long till it expires?
there, does anyone know what open source LGPL license means? from what ive read, it means i can do what I like with the code?
just bought an ssd and i want to move my os install over to it, whats the best approach ?
What's the easiest way to install grub to an NTFS partition?
do I get commercial encrypted DVDs to play in Ubuntu 11.04?
anyone here running lubuntu
Does anyone here have the problem with Verizon blocking ports: 80, 443, or 4125      ?
is my password stored?
hey guys i'm new user of ubuntu and i was wondering if there´s any way to get gnome 3 keeping unity?
having problems activating my wireless card, any available for some help with this....i thought it was my broadcom card so i swapped it out for an intel wireless card in my laptop, sadly no luck with it either.....
 i accidentally performed sudo apt-get upgrade while i had the gnome3 ppa.. now everything is broken :(( how do revert? on Natty
why cant i do a sudo echo "lsadlfjsdf" >> /etc/fstab, its rw for root
hi, i just installed ubuntu natty and i'm using ubuntu classic, in "help and support" under "Desktop User Guide » Configuring Your Desktop » Look and Feel » Appearance Preferences" it shows 4 tabs of appearance preferences (1-Theme Preferences, 2-Desktop Background Preferences, 3-Font Preferences, 4-Interface Preferences) but in fact i don't have "Interface Preferences" tab in "System >>> Preferences >>> Appearance", anyone can help plz !?
#ubuntu ... I have just installed the Gnome3 PPA ... up and running... however I can not see to find how to set the GTK toolkit theme... the default is dire ... anyone know how to do this please?
where can I run a script early on in the boot process? earlier then rc.local
how can i activate the ati graphic driver?
entrado?
anybody tell me best anti-virus for my ubuntu desktop...
hi trying to install openssh-server on 10.04 but i can't find it in aptitude, any idea?
uses google talk video chat with something like pidgin or anything?
anyone using ubuntu mint?
Does anybody know if rhythmbox is still in active development?
Java package does LibreOffice need?
is there a command to change the country code used in /etc/apt/sources.list?
10,I installed Oneiric.. but I lost my keyring passwords.. is there something to do to migrate the gnome-keyring ?
i use the "touching the two contacts with the screwdriver" method for booting my pc.. but i think i have touched something els while doing it.. have i fried the mb? if i try to boot it now the fans just turn on for 0.2 sec
anyone got a samsung series 9 laptop
i get this error when trying to load BT5 onto my computer from a live disk
s everyones personally preferred newsgroup program?
How do I enable file-sharing in Ubuntu?
have chinese?
 where could I find out if my motherboard is compatible with ubuntu?
hey arriba, la vida debe ser una fiesta
Does anybody know if KDE has any sort of application like gnome-keyring?  I used to have my private key password saved on gnome-keyring, but couldn't do the same with KDE wallet thing.
i want to build something in ubuntu 11.04, with qt3 support, how do I do that?  It seems that qt3 is not found, even thought it is installed?  Environment variables? path change?  I'm trying to build an ubuntu package
hi, how do i create swap space on the currently mounted hdd ?
1,hi guys, i'm using the most up to date ubuntu 11.10 version but having issues with lightdm and instead using gdm, it has something to do with not having appropiate permissions, can anyone point me in the right direction for help?
 am I correct that there's no fsck tool for btrfs and so it shouldn't be used outside of test environments?
how to restore panel i lost it
how to I get uuid of a partition to enter in fstab? Been playing around with distros and now my swap has a new uuid
to figure out where there is a http server running on my ubutnu, I know I installed apache2 and I have run /etc/init.d/apache2 stop but when I got to localhost there still is a it works page
à tout hasard, y a-t-il des experts cuda ici ?
hello! i need some help with fixing grub. or boot manager or something.. :/
am booting linux from a usb pendrive sda1. after linux boots can i remove the pendrive and keep the os running?
can I use GNOME3 on Ubuntu 11.04?
how can I find out what files a .deb installed?
anyone here using gnome 3 on natty? (can i ask this here? lol)
A window went under the bar at the top my screen!!! I can't get it out!!!
i am trying to use wireshark in ubuntu but says there is not capture device available and when i type in interfaces eth0 or eth1 says i am not allow to use those interfaces
 my keyboard layout always switches back to us, but i want the german one. i deinstalled the us, but after every reboot it is back again :Q also i only have the german system locale
i know this is unrelated but i need to find an irc chat room that deals with mercedes benz diagnostic quiries if someone can help please
10,Alright, I feel like an idiot, I've upgraded to 11.10, but now in nautilus the "up" button is gone (to navigate to the parent directory) ... how do I switch it on?
 can i ask what is the equivalent of itunes in ubuntu 10.10?
is there a good guide that i can go through to setup samba all over again
alguem pode me ajudar?
this the right kinda place to throw up ideas?
hi guys, how do i reinstall wlan card ? it wont find any wifi connections. I am using mint 10
Oi! Would anyone be able to direct me to a guide for making a Windows 7 USB install?
Landscape commercial ?
holaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
can you speak cn
folks.  My issue in one line: python -c "import bonobo" ImportError: No module named bonobo
hola
damn.. how to install Flash on ubuntu 10.10 ?
за шняга тут
if i put the alternate ubuntu into cd how do i upgrade
hey guys can i make the close, minimize, and maximimize buttons go on right side of windows?
 i have a 50 gb ntfs partition and with wubi i have installed ubuntu 11.04  and it reserves 6 gbs... now i have removed everything from that drive and now i wanted to expand ubuntu to 20 gbs or more how can i do this? please help
j'ai besoin d'aide pour faire fonctionner ma showcam plus merci
How do I disable Unity and go back to the standard Gnome UI?
do I find the md5sum file for 11.04?
Hi could someone tell me the best program to backup my programs?
1,hey i hawe a question. in ubuntu 11.10 GUI is 100% Unity or as a 11.04 is a session gnome
How do I Alt-Tab through windows on only the active workspace on 11.10?
привет всем
i was syncing my ipod with banshee. it took too long. so I pull the wire out from usb. and than ubuntu freezes. So i restarted the laptop by power off and on. now ubuntu doesn't automount my ipod. how to fix this?
there a way to tell lpr: do whatever the fuck you like, just resize this pdf until it's letter size and then print it?
Hi, I just got my new Lenovo T420. I plan to install Ubuntu. I can't figure out why the Ubuntu certification page suggest installing 11.04 32 bit and not 64 bit. Is there some 64 bit compatibility issue?
看不懂
s the terminal command to check current IP address?
how do i get gnome 3 on current ubuntu?
how do i mount a usb drive in vurtualbox ?
classic,i hate the style of 04 this time..... some how feels they say// why make it simple ,, let make it confusing
need some serious help, here's what happended, install Kubuntu 11.04, then try to install gnome3 then install lubuntu, and  then after using ppa:purge on gnome3 install lubuntu, use that then want to use gnome, install all the packages i.e.:ubuntu-desktop, gnome, gnome-desktop-enviroment, running from... well idk what it's called but its the terminal, i left lxdm install, and my KDE still works but whenever i try to login to ubnutu or ubuntu
what is that website where i can paste code &  get a url for it?
 can someone help me with a problem with Natty Narwhal?
ssh won't let me log into my friend's vps via public key. password auth works, but public key does not. I think it's a permission issue, as that is all that has changed since yesterday when it worked. anyone know what the proper permissions are for public-key login?
Hi All, can someone help with libircclient installation? int installs from software center without error but when try to compile my simple ircbot g++ says it can't find a header file. is there a patch for this by any chance?
brasileiro ?
I am using 8.10, but I wish to upgrade, but archive.ubuntu.com just returns 404.
what is linux mint channel?
have just installed Ubuntu 11.04. When launching Synaptic software update, keyring does not accept sudo pwd? Can somebody help?
qualcuno parla italiano
I'm completely stumped, any help is appreciated.  I used the update manager to upgrade from 10.04 to 10.10, and now grub will not detect my raid array.  I can mount the raid array fine, and see all my files, I just can't get grub to generate a good grub.cfg.
anyone know where/how I could find a list of packages that come with 11.04? much thx
hey guys, i'm programming a software that connects to a single host, but i have several ppp routes/gateways and i want to use them as to make use of all bandwidth... any ideas?
神马情况？
11.04 ctrl+alt+numpadkeys resizes windows.  How do I turn this off?  It doesn't seem to be an option in the keyboard shortcuts configuration.
I have lost the ability on my laptop to connect to my wireless network. If I leftclick on the Network icon in the idicator area, I see Enable Networking, and it is checked, however Enable Wireless no longer exists. Wireless works when I boot into windows. I'm running Natty with unity.. Any ideas?
Siema
there a command to give me the actually hdd size?
Hello, I'm having some problems with my x server can some one help me ...!!
So, Gnome 3 is replacing Gnome 2 in Ubuntu 11.10, isn't it?
do I upgrade to the latest version of Ubuntu?  "sudo apt-get update" followed by "sudo apt-get upgrade" didn't do the trick.
bonjour, il fanut parler anglais ??? :s
Hi.  I need help (not google tutorials) figuring out compiz, emerald, and the window managers.  Ultimately I want glassy borders for my windows.  Where do I go to find this sort of help?  #gnome ?
is taking all the 80 GBz , how can I let it take only 40 ?
hi , I'd like kernel messages not to display on the console , how can I do that in Ubuntu 10.04 ?
Is there any one that can help me with a problem I have?
could use some help.. mind if I just paste the error message?? Trying to mount my storage drive...
why is copying keys from gnupg to NSS so difficult. (want to sign PDFs in librewriter) isn't there an app?
Hola buenas tardes, alguien me puede decir como actualizar de ubuntu 10.4 a 11.4, en el gestor de actualizaciones solo me da la opción para actualizar a 10.10
teri choot me lund
 is there a easy and efficient backup system? Hopefully one that might serve win and macos as well?
can the latest kubuntu version 10.10 run on a pentium 1?
italy????
 Can anyone point me to a PPA that would give me the latest version of the Ubuntu One Client (the one in Natty) in Lucid? I'm just wondering if anyone knows of a good backport available, that's all. Thanks. :)
is there a way to speed up make time
is reboot is necessary after upgrades?
i ask for help here ?
So ... if i change to a directory on a drive like cd /media/drive1/dir/subdir/ and enter "sudo rm -R *.jpg" will it delete all of the jpg's under all the directories from /subdir/ down ?
hey, anyone know how to boot directly into a text tty rather than the graphic tty7
s the difference between buffered and cached memory?
hi everybody, i've made a fresh install of 11.04 and now i have a very laggy graphics. Don't understand how to fix it. Any idea
how do make sure all new files in a directory belong to the same group as the directory?
anyone help me with a problem im having?
suck my dick
guys where i can find the latest version of ubuntu?
does anyone have a moment for a quick question?
I am new to irc. I signed up on the ubuntu forms but never get the confirmation email have try 2 email account and check the spam fold. I need help with a unknow monitor on an ibm thinkpad r51
 have anyone seed john rambo?
please for the grub is it better I put it on sdc or on my /boot partition? (wich is sdc5 a dedied boot partition) Im on the install process right now
me, is there anybody who knows a little bit "assembler" language programing?
wosum boobs
how to recover grub 2 after overwrting mbr single ssd with win7
After extending an LVM volume with lvextend, what is my next step to get the OS to recognize the added space?
a tutti!!!
shove a dildo in your arse
Interesting, I just upgraded to 11.10, and it set /tmp to rwxr-xr-x...
hi, i use ubuntu desktop edititon, but my system be laptop edition after update, how to back desktop edition
anyone help me with .tar.gz extentions?
Anyone have a spotify invite?
is there a way to load mint inside of windows like wubi?
my irc client work?
I'm about to do an ubuntu install.  Is it possible to force a gnome 2 for the desktop environment?
can someone  help me with my monitor problem?
i think i need some help..... somethings not right with my system
is there alternative for quicktime plugin please ?
voluptuous ass 
can anyone here help with wireless set up? I can't figure out my BSSID, mac address, or how to do anything.... Major newbie, just switched to Lubuntu.
 j'ai un probleme de demarrage avec mon vista et les restoration refuse de marcher que la reinstallation, et je crains d'effacer mon grub comment reinstaller celuici sans toucher a mon grub?
how to open music files from terminal ??
Is it possible to run Ubuntu from uSDHC card as boot disk?
 I noticed that one of the packages in synaptic package manager missed a major revision to a program. How do I get the more recent version in the repository, or who do I tell?
how to join ubuntu-es please
tem algum brasileiro ai??
here on lucid?
hey , im upgrading to natty , so will that remove gnome completely or can i choose from Unity/Gnome once upgrade finishes ?
should i install 64 bit or 32 bit? I have 12Gb of memory currently on my cpu but I've never installed linux b4
 i just installed 11.04, and would really love to browse through some tutorial about Unity (since i cant get much work done when i dont know how to use it...:) )
so, in 11.10alpha, what is going on with gnome-desktop-environment?
Hello! I am in ~/var/log/syslog. my file are archived as far as syslog.7.gz. THE FILE APPEARS TO BE A BINARY FILE. HOW CAN I MAKE IT READABLE?
m chinaese
in console when the scree scrolls so far is there a way in linux to print console output to a log file when you run a command
gentoo is a fucking distribution. Nobody wants it.
wud u try anal
i ask? I am a Debian guy and i want to try out Ubuntu. Is there something in Ubuntu similar to the Debian DVD set?
Help. I installed the OS X- like doc and have lost all of my default menus. How do I get them back?
Anyone have a good way to run windows games in Ubuntu?
talk spanish
bonjour
has anyone used vlc streaming?
a tutti
Hello I need help with an openssh related query is there anyone knowledgable in this specific area?
bonsoir tout le monde
can I find the file containing old network interface mac addresses to remove them so new network interfaces are not so hi?  (i want to simplify some network scripts across machines)
on linux how does one operate an exe
donde estoy?
can i remove unity ?
hi! how can I make an audio louder? I can't find that effect in audacity :$ - who can help me? :O
hi, i need a guide on how to fix grub after windows installation :/
anybody please let me know how to install backtrack 4
Hi, lately I have been having random crashes on my ubuntu 10.04 laptop. the mouse cursor is still moving , but nothing else works. It's still possible to connect via ssh though. any idea what can be the problem?
how to format an external hard drive from ubuntu? I dont find the option in gparted
 whats the difrence in netbook ubuntu and desktop ubuntu? i got desktop one on my laptop :P
pussy licker
guys why the top panel in gnome 3 is not editibale
im usually installing program thru softwaremanagment .... this time I need to locate where the actual program was installed .... anyone knows where they go?
has Tilda two configuration files: ~/.tilda/config_0 and ~/.tilda/config_1?
大家好
Hi, I recently switched to gnome 3 from unity (much better, wow), but none of the links in the top menu work... 
the menus themselves work, but when i go to System Settings, My Account, Network Settings, or even Data and Time Settings, nothing happens. 
I can launch these things from a terminal, but from the menu they're broken for some reason. 
Are there logs somewhere so i can see what's going on?